/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/requests/__init__.py:89: RequestsDependencyWarning: urllib3 (2.1.0) or chardet (3.0.4) doesn't match a supported version!
  warnings.warn("urllib3 ({}) or chardet ({}) doesn't match a supported "
['O', 'B-L1', 'I-L1', 'B-L2', 'I-L2', 'B-L3', 'I-L3', 'B-L4', 'I-L4', 'B-L5', 'I-L5', 'B-L6', 'I-L6', 'B-L7', 'I-L7', 'B-L8', 'I-L8', 'B-L9', 'I-L9', 'B-L10', 'I-L10', 'B-L11', 'I-L11', 'B-L12', 'I-L12', 'B-L13', 'I-L13', 'B-L14', 'I-L14']
{'O': 0, 'B-L1': 1, 'I-L1': 2, 'B-L2': 3, 'I-L2': 4, 'B-L3': 5, 'I-L3': 6, 'B-L4': 7, 'I-L4': 8, 'B-L5': 9, 'I-L5': 10, 'B-L6': 11, 'I-L6': 12, 'B-L7': 13, 'I-L7': 14, 'B-L8': 15, 'I-L8': 16, 'B-L9': 17, 'I-L9': 18, 'B-L10': 19, 'I-L10': 20, 'B-L11': 21, 'I-L11': 22, 'B-L12': 23, 'I-L12': 24, 'B-L13': 25, 'I-L13': 26, 'B-L14': 27, 'I-L14': 28}
{0: 'O', 1: 'B-L1', 2: 'I-L1', 3: 'B-L2', 4: 'I-L2', 5: 'B-L3', 6: 'I-L3', 7: 'B-L4', 8: 'I-L4', 9: 'B-L5', 10: 'I-L5', 11: 'B-L6', 12: 'I-L6', 13: 'B-L7', 14: 'I-L7', 15: 'B-L8', 16: 'I-L8', 17: 'B-L9', 18: 'I-L9', 19: 'B-L10', 20: 'I-L10', 21: 'B-L11', 22: 'I-L11', 23: 'B-L12', 24: 'I-L12', 25: 'B-L13', 26: 'I-L13', 27: 'B-L14', 28: 'I-L14'}
BATCH_SIZE:  32
LR:  2e-05
LAYERS_TO_HOLD ['23', '22', '21', 'pooler']
Load base model
encoder.embeddings.word_embeddings.weight False
encoder.embeddings.position_embeddings.weight False
encoder.embeddings.token_type_embeddings.weight False
encoder.embeddings.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.embeddings.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.0.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.1.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.2.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.3.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.4.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.5.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.6.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.7.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.8.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.9.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.10.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.11.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.12.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.13.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.14.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.15.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.16.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.17.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.18.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.19.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.self.query.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.self.query.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.self.key.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.self.key.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.self.value.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.self.value.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.intermediate.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.intermediate.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.output.dense.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.output.dense.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.output.LayerNorm.weight False
encoder.encoder.layer.20.output.LayerNorm.bias False
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.self.query.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.self.query.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.self.key.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.self.key.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.self.value.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.self.value.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.output.dense.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.output.dense.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.intermediate.dense.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.intermediate.dense.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.output.dense.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.output.dense.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.output.LayerNorm.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.21.output.LayerNorm.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.self.query.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.self.query.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.self.key.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.self.key.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.self.value.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.self.value.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.output.dense.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.output.dense.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.intermediate.dense.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.intermediate.dense.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.output.dense.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.output.dense.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.output.LayerNorm.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.22.output.LayerNorm.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.self.query.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.self.query.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.self.key.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.self.key.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.self.value.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.self.value.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.output.dense.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.output.dense.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.output.LayerNorm.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.attention.output.LayerNorm.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.intermediate.dense.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.intermediate.dense.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.output.dense.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.output.dense.bias True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.output.LayerNorm.weight True
encoder.encoder.layer.23.output.LayerNorm.bias True
encoder.pooler.dense.weight True
encoder.pooler.dense.bias True
linear.weight True
linear.bias True
crf.trans_matrix True
crf.start_trans True
crf.end_trans True
Prepare Datasets
  0%|          | 0/9166325 [00:00<?, ?it/s]  0%|          | 6271/9166325 [00:00<05:01, 30423.18it/s]  1%|          | 112316/9166325 [00:00<00:35, 255333.40it/s]  3%|▎         | 247652/9166325 [00:00<00:16, 527954.32it/s]  4%|▍         | 391108/9166325 [00:00<00:11, 765316.90it/s]  6%|▌         | 536077/9166325 [00:00<00:09, 951599.95it/s]  7%|▋         | 683831/9166325 [00:00<00:07, 1091698.18it/s]  9%|▉         | 810277/9166325 [00:01<00:14, 591469.29it/s]  10%|█         | 952292/9166325 [00:01<00:11, 735632.69it/s] 12%|█▏        | 1094234/9166325 [00:01<00:09, 871740.50it/s] 14%|█▎        | 1239745/9166325 [00:01<00:07, 1000892.05it/s] 15%|█▌        | 1386010/9166325 [00:01<00:06, 1111834.73it/s] 17%|█▋        | 1532055/9166325 [00:01<00:06, 1200901.92it/s] 18%|█▊        | 1678293/9166325 [00:01<00:05, 1270805.01it/s] 20%|█▉        | 1824536/9166325 [00:02<00:05, 1323747.81it/s] 22%|██▏       | 1974561/9166325 [00:02<00:05, 1373692.72it/s] 23%|██▎       | 2125893/9166325 [00:02<00:04, 1413880.22it/s] 25%|██▍       | 2276248/9166325 [00:02<00:04, 1439993.52it/s] 26%|██▋       | 2427714/9166325 [00:02<00:04, 1461917.24it/s] 28%|██▊       | 2580413/9166325 [00:02<00:04, 1481139.04it/s] 30%|██▉       | 2730358/9166325 [00:03<00:10, 626413.35it/s]  31%|███▏      | 2873927/9166325 [00:03<00:08, 749153.41it/s] 33%|███▎      | 3025078/9166325 [00:03<00:06, 884910.16it/s] 35%|███▍      | 3168775/9166325 [00:03<00:06, 996863.29it/s] 36%|███▌      | 3320309/9166325 [00:03<00:05, 1113319.86it/s] 38%|███▊      | 3471453/9166325 [00:03<00:04, 1210027.22it/s] 40%|███▉      | 3624792/9166325 [00:03<00:04, 1293322.04it/s] 41%|████      | 3771963/9166325 [00:03<00:04, 1341293.91it/s] 43%|████▎     | 3922854/9166325 [00:03<00:03, 1387807.57it/s] 44%|████▍     | 4075796/9166325 [00:03<00:03, 1427997.90it/s] 46%|████▌     | 4229867/9166325 [00:04<00:03, 1460501.86it/s] 48%|████▊     | 4383171/9166325 [00:04<00:03, 1481655.24it/s] 49%|████▉     | 4537070/9166325 [00:04<00:03, 1498500.77it/s] 51%|█████     | 4689303/9166325 [00:04<00:03, 1491836.84it/s] 53%|█████▎    | 4841408/9166325 [00:04<00:02, 1500435.50it/s] 54%|█████▍    | 4992637/9166325 [00:05<00:07, 538176.07it/s]  56%|█████▌    | 5136169/9166325 [00:05<00:06, 656312.10it/s] 58%|█████▊    | 5282760/9166325 [00:05<00:04, 784494.10it/s] 59%|█████▉    | 5432166/9166325 [00:05<00:04, 915377.04it/s] 61%|██████    | 5580139/9166325 [00:05<00:03, 1032057.54it/s] 63%|██████▎   | 5734798/9166325 [00:05<00:02, 1150045.25it/s] 64%|██████▍   | 5880356/9166325 [00:05<00:02, 1225435.25it/s] 66%|██████▌   | 6030021/9166325 [00:05<00:02, 1296113.44it/s] 67%|██████▋   | 6182775/9166325 [00:05<00:02, 1358887.03it/s] 69%|██████▉   | 6335902/9166325 [00:06<00:02, 1407019.30it/s] 71%|███████   | 6488650/9166325 [00:06<00:01, 1441355.15it/s] 72%|███████▏  | 6642065/9166325 [00:06<00:01, 1468182.40it/s] 74%|███████▍  | 6793397/9166325 [00:06<00:01, 1462125.02it/s] 76%|███████▌  | 6947772/9166325 [00:06<00:01, 1485938.81it/s] 77%|███████▋  | 7099431/9166325 [00:06<00:01, 1494936.22it/s] 79%|███████▉  | 7250537/9166325 [00:06<00:01, 1496880.58it/s] 81%|████████  | 7402975/9166325 [00:06<00:01, 1505013.69it/s] 82%|████████▏ | 7555300/9166325 [00:06<00:01, 1510419.62it/s] 84%|████████▍ | 7706906/9166325 [00:07<00:03, 454748.20it/s]  86%|████████▌ | 7844954/9166325 [00:07<00:02, 559938.61it/s] 87%|████████▋ | 7988639/9166325 [00:07<00:01, 682411.48it/s] 89%|████████▉ | 8140049/9166325 [00:08<00:01, 820744.58it/s] 90%|█████████ | 8286603/9166325 [00:08<00:00, 943740.08it/s] 92%|█████████▏| 8433940/9166325 [00:08<00:00, 1057648.45it/s] 94%|█████████▎| 8574467/9166325 [00:08<00:00, 1138215.88it/s] 95%|█████████▌| 8721051/9166325 [00:08<00:00, 1220497.47it/s] 97%|█████████▋| 8871240/9166325 [00:08<00:00, 1294788.93it/s] 98%|█████████▊| 9017755/9166325 [00:08<00:00, 1341434.57it/s]100%|█████████▉| 9162932/9166325 [00:08<00:00, 1362707.68it/s]100%|██████████| 9166325/9166325 [00:08<00:00, 1043413.53it/s]
29 samples was deletet because its long len
train_ds:  88583
  0%|          | 0/1119360 [00:00<?, ?it/s]  6%|▌         | 62742/1119360 [00:00<00:01, 627381.71it/s] 18%|█▊        | 205591/1119360 [00:00<00:00, 1098068.59it/s] 31%|███▏      | 350151/1119360 [00:00<00:00, 1256687.25it/s] 44%|████▎     | 489412/1119360 [00:00<00:00, 1310309.09it/s] 57%|█████▋    | 640231/1119360 [00:00<00:00, 1381630.16it/s] 71%|███████   | 792728/1119360 [00:00<00:00, 1430335.92it/s] 85%|████████▍ | 950971/1119360 [00:00<00:00, 1480031.38it/s] 98%|█████████▊| 1102201/1119360 [00:00<00:00, 1490276.81it/s]100%|██████████| 1119360/1119360 [00:00<00:00, 1368829.54it/s]
6 samples was deletet because its long len
eval_ds:  11058
START TRINING
Epoch:  0
  0%|          | 0/2769 [00:00<?, ?it/s]  0%|          | 0/2769 [00:02<?, ?it/s, Train cur mean Loss=1066.391602]  0%|          | 1/2769 [00:02<2:18:02,  2.99s/it, Train cur mean Loss=1066.391602]  0%|          | 1/2769 [00:05<2:18:02,  2.99s/it, Train cur mean Loss=889.228271]   0%|          | 2/2769 [00:05<1:59:00,  2.58s/it, Train cur mean Loss=889.228271]  0%|          | 2/2769 [00:07<1:59:00,  2.58s/it, Train cur mean Loss=792.248169]  0%|          | 3/2769 [00:07<1:52:42,  2.44s/it, Train cur mean Loss=792.248169]  0%|          | 3/2769 [00:09<1:52:42,  2.44s/it, Train cur mean Loss=738.451904]  0%|          | 4/2769 [00:09<1:50:09,  2.39s/it, Train cur mean Loss=738.451904]  0%|          | 4/2769 [00:12<1:50:09,  2.39s/it, Train cur mean Loss=671.865442]  0%|          | 5/2769 [00:12<1:49:25,  2.38s/it, Train cur mean Loss=671.865442]  0%|          | 5/2769 [00:14<1:49:25,  2.38s/it, Train cur mean Loss=611.713328]  0%|          | 6/2769 [00:14<1:48:29,  2.36s/it, Train cur mean Loss=611.713328]  0%|          | 6/2769 [00:16<1:48:29,  2.36s/it, Train cur mean Loss=559.659598]  0%|          | 7/2769 [00:16<1:47:41,  2.34s/it, Train cur mean Loss=559.659598]  0%|          | 7/2769 [00:19<1:47:41,  2.34s/it, Train cur mean Loss=516.220314]  0%|          | 8/2769 [00:19<1:47:02,  2.33s/it, Train cur mean Loss=516.220314]  0%|          | 8/2769 [00:21<1:47:02,  2.33s/it, Train cur mean Loss=474.622025]  0%|          | 9/2769 [00:21<1:46:29,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=474.622025]  0%|          | 9/2769 [00:23<1:46:29,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=446.838551]  0%|          | 10/2769 [00:23<1:46:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=446.838551]  0%|          | 10/2769 [00:26<1:46:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=422.182177]  0%|          | 11/2769 [00:26<1:46:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=422.182177]  0%|          | 11/2769 [00:28<1:46:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=402.469435]  0%|          | 12/2769 [00:28<1:45:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=402.469435]  0%|          | 12/2769 [00:30<1:45:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=386.785112]  0%|          | 13/2769 [00:30<1:45:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=386.785112]  0%|          | 13/2769 [00:32<1:45:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=372.884001]  1%|          | 14/2769 [00:32<1:45:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=372.884001]  1%|          | 14/2769 [00:35<1:45:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=360.767241]  1%|          | 15/2769 [00:35<1:45:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=360.767241]  1%|          | 15/2769 [00:37<1:45:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=354.365525]  1%|          | 16/2769 [00:37<1:45:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=354.365525]  1%|          | 16/2769 [00:39<1:45:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=346.467482]  1%|          | 17/2769 [00:39<1:45:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=346.467482]  1%|          | 17/2769 [00:42<1:45:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=337.589183]  1%|          | 18/2769 [00:42<1:45:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=337.589183]  1%|          | 18/2769 [00:44<1:45:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=329.677244]  1%|          | 19/2769 [00:44<1:44:58,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=329.677244]  1%|          | 19/2769 [00:46<1:44:58,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=324.299030]  1%|          | 20/2769 [00:46<1:44:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=324.299030]  1%|          | 20/2769 [00:48<1:44:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=317.243710]  1%|          | 21/2769 [00:48<1:44:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=317.243710]  1%|          | 21/2769 [00:51<1:44:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=311.650282]  1%|          | 22/2769 [00:51<1:44:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=311.650282]  1%|          | 22/2769 [00:53<1:44:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=307.608902]  1%|          | 23/2769 [00:53<1:44:29,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=307.608902]  1%|          | 23/2769 [00:55<1:44:29,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=302.525242]  1%|          | 24/2769 [00:55<1:44:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=302.525242]  1%|          | 24/2769 [00:58<1:44:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=298.546827]  1%|          | 25/2769 [00:58<1:44:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=298.546827]  1%|          | 25/2769 [01:00<1:44:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=293.516211]  1%|          | 26/2769 [01:00<1:44:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=293.516211]  1%|          | 26/2769 [01:02<1:44:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=287.659554]  1%|          | 27/2769 [01:02<1:44:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=287.659554]  1%|          | 27/2769 [01:04<1:44:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=283.590518]  1%|          | 28/2769 [01:04<1:44:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=283.590518]  1%|          | 28/2769 [01:07<1:44:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=280.508673]  1%|          | 29/2769 [01:07<1:44:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=280.508673]  1%|          | 29/2769 [01:09<1:44:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=278.382000]  1%|          | 30/2769 [01:09<1:44:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=278.382000]  1%|          | 30/2769 [01:11<1:44:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=275.856642]  1%|          | 31/2769 [01:11<1:44:05,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=275.856642]  1%|          | 31/2769 [01:14<1:44:05,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=272.915885]  1%|          | 32/2769 [01:14<1:43:56,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=272.915885]  1%|          | 32/2769 [01:16<1:43:56,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=269.585917]  1%|          | 33/2769 [01:16<1:44:00,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=269.585917]  1%|          | 33/2769 [01:18<1:44:00,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=267.215704]  1%|          | 34/2769 [01:18<1:43:52,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=267.215704]  1%|          | 34/2769 [01:20<1:43:52,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=263.804197]  1%|▏         | 35/2769 [01:20<1:43:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=263.804197]  1%|▏         | 35/2769 [01:23<1:43:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=259.595653]  1%|▏         | 36/2769 [01:23<1:43:37,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=259.595653]  1%|▏         | 36/2769 [01:25<1:43:37,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=256.686047]  1%|▏         | 37/2769 [01:25<1:43:32,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=256.686047]  1%|▏         | 37/2769 [01:27<1:43:32,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=254.685951]  1%|▏         | 38/2769 [01:27<1:43:25,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=254.685951]  1%|▏         | 38/2769 [01:29<1:43:25,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=251.737596]  1%|▏         | 39/2769 [01:29<1:43:19,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=251.737596]  1%|▏         | 39/2769 [01:32<1:43:19,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=249.940295]  1%|▏         | 40/2769 [01:32<1:43:25,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=249.940295]  1%|▏         | 40/2769 [01:34<1:43:25,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=247.898225]  1%|▏         | 41/2769 [01:34<1:43:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=247.898225]  1%|▏         | 41/2769 [01:36<1:43:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=245.069706]  2%|▏         | 42/2769 [01:36<1:43:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=245.069706]  2%|▏         | 42/2769 [01:39<1:43:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=242.739408]  2%|▏         | 43/2769 [01:39<1:43:09,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=242.739408]  2%|▏         | 43/2769 [01:41<1:43:09,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=240.664496]  2%|▏         | 44/2769 [01:41<1:43:11,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=240.664496]  2%|▏         | 44/2769 [01:43<1:43:11,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=239.064598]  2%|▏         | 45/2769 [01:43<1:43:01,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=239.064598]  2%|▏         | 45/2769 [01:45<1:43:01,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=237.455598]  2%|▏         | 46/2769 [01:45<1:43:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=237.455598]  2%|▏         | 46/2769 [01:48<1:43:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=235.053296]  2%|▏         | 47/2769 [01:48<1:43:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=235.053296]  2%|▏         | 47/2769 [01:50<1:43:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=233.090180]  2%|▏         | 48/2769 [01:50<1:43:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=233.090180]  2%|▏         | 48/2769 [01:52<1:43:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=231.531548]  2%|▏         | 49/2769 [01:52<1:44:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=231.531548]  2%|▏         | 49/2769 [01:55<1:44:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=230.174997]  2%|▏         | 50/2769 [01:55<1:44:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=230.174997]  2%|▏         | 50/2769 [01:57<1:44:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=228.477879]  2%|▏         | 51/2769 [01:57<1:43:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=228.477879]  2%|▏         | 51/2769 [01:59<1:43:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=227.346466]  2%|▏         | 52/2769 [01:59<1:43:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=227.346466]  2%|▏         | 52/2769 [02:01<1:43:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=225.918178]  2%|▏         | 53/2769 [02:01<1:43:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=225.918178]  2%|▏         | 53/2769 [02:04<1:43:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=224.620598]  2%|▏         | 54/2769 [02:04<1:43:40,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=224.620598]  2%|▏         | 54/2769 [02:06<1:43:40,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=223.018076]  2%|▏         | 55/2769 [02:06<1:43:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=223.018076]  2%|▏         | 55/2769 [02:08<1:43:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=221.238433]  2%|▏         | 56/2769 [02:08<1:43:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=221.238433]  2%|▏         | 56/2769 [02:11<1:43:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=219.670007]  2%|▏         | 57/2769 [02:11<1:43:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=219.670007]  2%|▏         | 57/2769 [02:13<1:43:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=218.354074]  2%|▏         | 58/2769 [02:13<1:43:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=218.354074]  2%|▏         | 58/2769 [02:15<1:43:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=217.333971]  2%|▏         | 59/2769 [02:15<1:43:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=217.333971]  2%|▏         | 59/2769 [02:17<1:43:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=216.342225]  2%|▏         | 60/2769 [02:17<1:43:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=216.342225]  2%|▏         | 60/2769 [02:20<1:43:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=214.759780]  2%|▏         | 61/2769 [02:20<1:43:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=214.759780]  2%|▏         | 61/2769 [02:22<1:43:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=213.910361]  2%|▏         | 62/2769 [02:22<1:43:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=213.910361]  2%|▏         | 62/2769 [02:24<1:43:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=212.760617]  2%|▏         | 63/2769 [02:24<1:43:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=212.760617]  2%|▏         | 63/2769 [02:27<1:43:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=211.433517]  2%|▏         | 64/2769 [02:27<1:43:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=211.433517]  2%|▏         | 64/2769 [02:29<1:43:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=210.461674]  2%|▏         | 65/2769 [02:29<1:43:38,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=210.461674]  2%|▏         | 65/2769 [02:31<1:43:38,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=209.531011]  2%|▏         | 66/2769 [02:31<1:43:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=209.531011]  2%|▏         | 66/2769 [02:34<1:43:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=207.858921]  2%|▏         | 67/2769 [02:34<1:42:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=207.858921]  2%|▏         | 67/2769 [02:36<1:42:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=207.319171]  2%|▏         | 68/2769 [02:36<1:42:57,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=207.319171]  2%|▏         | 68/2769 [02:38<1:42:57,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=206.748534]  2%|▏         | 69/2769 [02:38<1:42:49,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=206.748534]  2%|▏         | 69/2769 [02:40<1:42:49,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=206.078515]  3%|▎         | 70/2769 [02:40<1:42:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=206.078515]  3%|▎         | 70/2769 [02:43<1:42:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=205.228683]  3%|▎         | 71/2769 [02:43<1:42:20,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=205.228683]  3%|▎         | 71/2769 [02:45<1:42:20,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=204.243612]  3%|▎         | 72/2769 [02:45<1:42:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=204.243612]  3%|▎         | 72/2769 [02:47<1:42:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=203.296997]  3%|▎         | 73/2769 [02:47<1:42:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=203.296997]  3%|▎         | 73/2769 [02:49<1:42:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=202.273244]  3%|▎         | 74/2769 [02:49<1:42:26,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=202.273244]  3%|▎         | 74/2769 [02:52<1:42:26,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=201.820063]  3%|▎         | 75/2769 [02:52<1:42:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=201.820063]  3%|▎         | 75/2769 [02:54<1:42:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=200.598722]  3%|▎         | 76/2769 [02:54<1:42:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=200.598722]  3%|▎         | 76/2769 [02:56<1:42:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=199.642912]  3%|▎         | 77/2769 [02:56<1:42:06,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=199.642912]  3%|▎         | 77/2769 [02:59<1:42:06,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=198.902767]  3%|▎         | 78/2769 [02:59<1:41:58,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=198.902767]  3%|▎         | 78/2769 [03:01<1:41:58,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=198.156452]  3%|▎         | 79/2769 [03:01<1:42:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=198.156452]  3%|▎         | 79/2769 [03:03<1:42:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=197.461026]  3%|▎         | 80/2769 [03:03<1:42:11,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=197.461026]  3%|▎         | 80/2769 [03:05<1:42:11,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=196.244500]  3%|▎         | 81/2769 [03:05<1:42:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=196.244500]  3%|▎         | 81/2769 [03:08<1:42:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=195.770913]  3%|▎         | 82/2769 [03:08<1:42:09,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=195.770913]  3%|▎         | 82/2769 [03:10<1:42:09,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=195.612345]  3%|▎         | 83/2769 [03:10<1:42:09,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=195.612345]  3%|▎         | 83/2769 [03:12<1:42:09,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=194.567461]  3%|▎         | 84/2769 [03:12<1:41:54,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=194.567461]  3%|▎         | 84/2769 [03:15<1:41:54,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=193.896671]  3%|▎         | 85/2769 [03:15<1:41:40,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=193.896671]  3%|▎         | 85/2769 [03:17<1:41:40,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=192.985575]  3%|▎         | 86/2769 [03:17<1:41:25,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=192.985575]  3%|▎         | 86/2769 [03:19<1:41:25,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=192.609575]  3%|▎         | 87/2769 [03:19<1:41:20,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=192.609575]  3%|▎         | 87/2769 [03:21<1:41:20,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=191.970904]  3%|▎         | 88/2769 [03:21<1:41:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=191.970904]  3%|▎         | 88/2769 [03:24<1:41:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=191.299301]  3%|▎         | 89/2769 [03:24<1:41:00,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=191.299301]  3%|▎         | 89/2769 [03:26<1:41:00,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=190.515347]  3%|▎         | 90/2769 [03:26<1:41:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=190.515347]  3%|▎         | 90/2769 [03:28<1:41:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=190.137343]  3%|▎         | 91/2769 [03:28<1:40:55,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=190.137343]  3%|▎         | 91/2769 [03:30<1:40:55,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=189.643916]  3%|▎         | 92/2769 [03:30<1:40:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=189.643916]  3%|▎         | 92/2769 [03:33<1:40:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=188.765909]  3%|▎         | 93/2769 [03:33<1:40:50,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=188.765909]  3%|▎         | 93/2769 [03:35<1:40:50,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=188.028510]  3%|▎         | 94/2769 [03:35<1:40:54,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=188.028510]  3%|▎         | 94/2769 [03:37<1:40:54,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=187.126800]  3%|▎         | 95/2769 [03:37<1:40:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=187.126800]  3%|▎         | 95/2769 [03:39<1:40:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=186.645129]  3%|▎         | 96/2769 [03:39<1:40:54,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=186.645129]  3%|▎         | 96/2769 [03:42<1:40:54,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=186.025611]  4%|▎         | 97/2769 [03:42<1:41:15,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=186.025611]  4%|▎         | 97/2769 [03:44<1:41:15,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=185.084740]  4%|▎         | 98/2769 [03:44<1:41:10,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=185.084740]  4%|▎         | 98/2769 [03:46<1:41:10,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=184.370983]  4%|▎         | 99/2769 [03:46<1:41:13,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=184.370983]  4%|▎         | 99/2769 [03:49<1:41:13,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=183.579073]  4%|▎         | 100/2769 [03:49<1:41:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=183.579073]  4%|▎         | 100/2769 [03:51<1:41:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=182.876908]  4%|▎         | 101/2769 [03:51<1:41:15,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=182.876908]  4%|▎         | 101/2769 [03:53<1:41:15,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=182.292299]  4%|▎         | 102/2769 [03:53<1:41:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=182.292299]  4%|▎         | 102/2769 [03:55<1:41:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=181.708029]  4%|▎         | 103/2769 [03:55<1:41:12,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=181.708029]  4%|▎         | 103/2769 [03:58<1:41:12,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=180.938020]  4%|▍         | 104/2769 [03:58<1:41:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=180.938020]  4%|▍         | 104/2769 [04:00<1:41:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=180.554652]  4%|▍         | 105/2769 [04:00<1:41:00,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=180.554652]  4%|▍         | 105/2769 [04:02<1:41:00,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=179.882674]  4%|▍         | 106/2769 [04:02<1:40:57,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=179.882674]  4%|▍         | 106/2769 [04:04<1:40:57,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=179.299923]  4%|▍         | 107/2769 [04:04<1:40:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=179.299923]  4%|▍         | 107/2769 [04:07<1:40:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=178.859238]  4%|▍         | 108/2769 [04:07<1:41:00,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=178.859238]  4%|▍         | 108/2769 [04:09<1:41:00,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=178.231239]  4%|▍         | 109/2769 [04:09<1:40:49,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=178.231239]  4%|▍         | 109/2769 [04:11<1:40:49,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=177.923795]  4%|▍         | 110/2769 [04:11<1:40:52,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=177.923795]  4%|▍         | 110/2769 [04:14<1:40:52,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=177.353068]  4%|▍         | 111/2769 [04:14<1:40:49,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=177.353068]  4%|▍         | 111/2769 [04:16<1:40:49,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=177.171373]  4%|▍         | 112/2769 [04:16<1:40:54,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=177.171373]  4%|▍         | 112/2769 [04:18<1:40:54,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=176.568250]  4%|▍         | 113/2769 [04:18<1:40:43,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=176.568250]  4%|▍         | 113/2769 [04:20<1:40:43,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=175.932524]  4%|▍         | 114/2769 [04:20<1:40:37,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=175.932524]  4%|▍         | 114/2769 [04:23<1:40:37,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=175.375112]  4%|▍         | 115/2769 [04:23<1:42:35,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=175.375112]  4%|▍         | 115/2769 [04:25<1:42:35,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=174.972415]  4%|▍         | 116/2769 [04:25<1:42:12,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=174.972415]  4%|▍         | 116/2769 [04:27<1:42:12,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=174.397713]  4%|▍         | 117/2769 [04:27<1:41:51,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=174.397713]  4%|▍         | 117/2769 [04:30<1:41:51,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=174.021142]  4%|▍         | 118/2769 [04:30<1:41:59,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=174.021142]  4%|▍         | 118/2769 [04:32<1:41:59,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=173.431314]  4%|▍         | 119/2769 [04:32<1:41:44,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=173.431314]  4%|▍         | 119/2769 [04:34<1:41:44,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=173.019989]  4%|▍         | 120/2769 [04:34<1:41:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=173.019989]  4%|▍         | 120/2769 [04:37<1:41:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=172.470570]  4%|▍         | 121/2769 [04:37<1:41:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=172.470570]  4%|▍         | 121/2769 [04:39<1:41:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=171.783760]  4%|▍         | 122/2769 [04:39<1:41:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=171.783760]  4%|▍         | 122/2769 [04:41<1:41:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=171.370414]  4%|▍         | 123/2769 [04:41<1:41:30,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=171.370414]  4%|▍         | 123/2769 [04:44<1:41:30,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=170.579144]  4%|▍         | 124/2769 [04:44<1:41:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=170.579144]  4%|▍         | 124/2769 [04:46<1:41:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=169.961828]  5%|▍         | 125/2769 [04:46<1:41:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=169.961828]  5%|▍         | 125/2769 [04:48<1:41:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=169.444934]  5%|▍         | 126/2769 [04:48<1:41:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=169.444934]  5%|▍         | 126/2769 [04:50<1:41:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=169.089990]  5%|▍         | 127/2769 [04:50<1:41:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=169.089990]  5%|▍         | 127/2769 [04:53<1:41:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=168.640887]  5%|▍         | 128/2769 [04:53<1:41:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=168.640887]  5%|▍         | 128/2769 [04:55<1:41:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=168.155004]  5%|▍         | 129/2769 [04:55<1:41:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=168.155004]  5%|▍         | 129/2769 [04:57<1:41:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=167.584522]  5%|▍         | 130/2769 [04:57<1:41:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=167.584522]  5%|▍         | 130/2769 [05:00<1:41:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=167.215904]  5%|▍         | 131/2769 [05:00<1:41:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=167.215904]  5%|▍         | 131/2769 [05:02<1:41:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=166.589334]  5%|▍         | 132/2769 [05:02<1:41:22,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=166.589334]  5%|▍         | 132/2769 [05:04<1:41:22,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=166.231934]  5%|▍         | 133/2769 [05:04<1:41:24,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=166.231934]  5%|▍         | 133/2769 [05:07<1:41:24,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=165.745931]  5%|▍         | 134/2769 [05:07<1:41:27,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=165.745931]  5%|▍         | 134/2769 [05:09<1:41:27,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=165.269447]  5%|▍         | 135/2769 [05:09<1:41:24,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=165.269447]  5%|▍         | 135/2769 [05:11<1:41:24,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=164.824526]  5%|▍         | 136/2769 [05:11<1:41:21,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=164.824526]  5%|▍         | 136/2769 [05:13<1:41:21,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=164.420445]  5%|▍         | 137/2769 [05:13<1:41:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=164.420445]  5%|▍         | 137/2769 [05:16<1:41:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=164.091429]  5%|▍         | 138/2769 [05:16<1:41:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=164.091429]  5%|▍         | 138/2769 [05:18<1:41:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=163.760950]  5%|▌         | 139/2769 [05:18<1:41:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=163.760950]  5%|▌         | 139/2769 [05:20<1:41:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=163.362122]  5%|▌         | 140/2769 [05:20<1:41:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=163.362122]  5%|▌         | 140/2769 [05:23<1:41:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=163.016208]  5%|▌         | 141/2769 [05:23<1:41:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=163.016208]  5%|▌         | 141/2769 [05:25<1:41:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=162.511475]  5%|▌         | 142/2769 [05:25<1:41:02,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=162.511475]  5%|▌         | 142/2769 [05:27<1:41:02,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=162.069988]  5%|▌         | 143/2769 [05:27<1:41:06,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=162.069988]  5%|▌         | 143/2769 [05:30<1:41:06,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=161.886039]  5%|▌         | 144/2769 [05:30<1:41:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=161.886039]  5%|▌         | 144/2769 [05:32<1:41:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=161.521326]  5%|▌         | 145/2769 [05:32<1:41:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=161.521326]  5%|▌         | 145/2769 [05:34<1:41:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=161.086124]  5%|▌         | 146/2769 [05:34<1:41:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=161.086124]  5%|▌         | 146/2769 [05:37<1:41:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=160.903159]  5%|▌         | 147/2769 [05:37<1:41:13,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=160.903159]  5%|▌         | 147/2769 [05:39<1:41:13,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=160.447977]  5%|▌         | 148/2769 [05:39<1:39:52,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=160.447977]  5%|▌         | 148/2769 [05:41<1:39:52,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=159.996905]  5%|▌         | 149/2769 [05:41<1:39:03,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=159.996905]  5%|▌         | 149/2769 [05:43<1:39:03,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=159.635272]  5%|▌         | 150/2769 [05:43<1:38:16,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=159.635272]  5%|▌         | 150/2769 [05:45<1:38:16,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=159.271201]  5%|▌         | 151/2769 [05:45<1:37:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=159.271201]  5%|▌         | 151/2769 [05:48<1:37:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=158.817055]  5%|▌         | 152/2769 [05:48<1:37:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=158.817055]  5%|▌         | 152/2769 [05:50<1:37:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=158.443871]  6%|▌         | 153/2769 [05:50<1:37:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=158.443871]  6%|▌         | 153/2769 [05:52<1:37:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=158.069765]  6%|▌         | 154/2769 [05:52<1:37:42,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=158.069765]  6%|▌         | 154/2769 [05:54<1:37:42,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=157.590625]  6%|▌         | 155/2769 [05:54<1:37:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=157.590625]  6%|▌         | 155/2769 [05:57<1:37:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=157.161583]  6%|▌         | 156/2769 [05:57<1:37:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=157.161583]  6%|▌         | 156/2769 [05:59<1:37:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=156.725516]  6%|▌         | 157/2769 [05:59<1:37:21,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=156.725516]  6%|▌         | 157/2769 [06:01<1:37:21,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=156.370654]  6%|▌         | 158/2769 [06:01<1:37:25,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=156.370654]  6%|▌         | 158/2769 [06:03<1:37:25,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=156.167522]  6%|▌         | 159/2769 [06:03<1:37:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=156.167522]  6%|▌         | 159/2769 [06:06<1:37:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=155.795472]  6%|▌         | 160/2769 [06:06<1:37:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=155.795472]  6%|▌         | 160/2769 [06:08<1:37:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=155.346745]  6%|▌         | 161/2769 [06:08<1:37:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=155.346745]  6%|▌         | 161/2769 [06:10<1:37:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=155.012048]  6%|▌         | 162/2769 [06:10<1:36:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=155.012048]  6%|▌         | 162/2769 [06:12<1:36:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=154.666232]  6%|▌         | 163/2769 [06:12<1:36:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=154.666232]  6%|▌         | 163/2769 [06:15<1:36:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=154.285817]  6%|▌         | 164/2769 [06:15<1:36:45,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=154.285817]  6%|▌         | 164/2769 [06:17<1:36:45,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=153.849543]  6%|▌         | 165/2769 [06:17<1:36:53,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=153.849543]  6%|▌         | 165/2769 [06:19<1:36:53,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=153.551019]  6%|▌         | 166/2769 [06:19<1:36:53,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=153.551019]  6%|▌         | 166/2769 [06:21<1:36:53,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=153.130913]  6%|▌         | 167/2769 [06:21<1:36:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=153.130913]  6%|▌         | 167/2769 [06:23<1:36:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=152.810926]  6%|▌         | 168/2769 [06:23<1:36:45,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=152.810926]  6%|▌         | 168/2769 [06:26<1:36:45,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=152.316588]  6%|▌         | 169/2769 [06:26<1:36:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=152.316588]  6%|▌         | 169/2769 [06:28<1:36:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=151.965062]  6%|▌         | 170/2769 [06:28<1:36:29,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=151.965062]  6%|▌         | 170/2769 [06:30<1:36:29,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=151.766003]  6%|▌         | 171/2769 [06:30<1:36:35,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=151.766003]  6%|▌         | 171/2769 [06:32<1:36:35,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=151.430326]  6%|▌         | 172/2769 [06:32<1:36:30,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=151.430326]  6%|▌         | 172/2769 [06:35<1:36:30,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=151.145265]  6%|▌         | 173/2769 [06:35<1:36:32,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=151.145265]  6%|▌         | 173/2769 [06:37<1:36:32,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=150.917658]  6%|▋         | 174/2769 [06:37<1:36:39,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=150.917658]  6%|▋         | 174/2769 [06:39<1:36:39,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=150.413622]  6%|▋         | 175/2769 [06:39<1:36:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=150.413622]  6%|▋         | 175/2769 [06:41<1:36:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=150.006679]  6%|▋         | 176/2769 [06:41<1:36:38,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=150.006679]  6%|▋         | 176/2769 [06:44<1:36:38,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=149.655251]  6%|▋         | 177/2769 [06:44<1:36:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=149.655251]  6%|▋         | 177/2769 [06:46<1:36:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=149.207970]  6%|▋         | 178/2769 [06:46<1:36:38,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=149.207970]  6%|▋         | 178/2769 [06:48<1:36:38,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=148.833487]  6%|▋         | 179/2769 [06:48<1:36:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=148.833487]  6%|▋         | 179/2769 [06:50<1:36:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=148.424589]  7%|▋         | 180/2769 [06:50<1:36:53,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=148.424589]  7%|▋         | 180/2769 [06:53<1:36:53,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=148.233264]  7%|▋         | 181/2769 [06:53<1:36:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=148.233264]  7%|▋         | 181/2769 [06:55<1:36:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=147.851245]  7%|▋         | 182/2769 [06:55<1:36:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=147.851245]  7%|▋         | 182/2769 [06:57<1:36:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=147.448586]  7%|▋         | 183/2769 [06:57<1:36:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=147.448586]  7%|▋         | 183/2769 [06:59<1:36:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=147.186529]  7%|▋         | 184/2769 [06:59<1:36:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=147.186529]  7%|▋         | 184/2769 [07:02<1:36:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=147.004477]  7%|▋         | 185/2769 [07:02<1:36:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=147.004477]  7%|▋         | 185/2769 [07:04<1:36:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=146.672817]  7%|▋         | 186/2769 [07:04<1:36:20,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=146.672817]  7%|▋         | 186/2769 [07:06<1:36:20,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=146.368828]  7%|▋         | 187/2769 [07:06<1:36:15,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=146.368828]  7%|▋         | 187/2769 [07:08<1:36:15,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=146.111168]  7%|▋         | 188/2769 [07:08<1:36:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=146.111168]  7%|▋         | 188/2769 [07:10<1:36:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=145.778212]  7%|▋         | 189/2769 [07:10<1:35:55,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=145.778212]  7%|▋         | 189/2769 [07:13<1:35:55,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=145.486132]  7%|▋         | 190/2769 [07:13<1:35:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=145.486132]  7%|▋         | 190/2769 [07:15<1:35:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=145.251911]  7%|▋         | 191/2769 [07:15<1:35:44,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=145.251911]  7%|▋         | 191/2769 [07:17<1:35:44,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=144.985769]  7%|▋         | 192/2769 [07:17<1:35:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=144.985769]  7%|▋         | 192/2769 [07:19<1:35:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=144.644294]  7%|▋         | 193/2769 [07:19<1:35:26,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=144.644294]  7%|▋         | 193/2769 [07:22<1:35:26,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=144.304796]  7%|▋         | 194/2769 [07:22<1:35:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=144.304796]  7%|▋         | 194/2769 [07:24<1:35:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=144.035573]  7%|▋         | 195/2769 [07:24<1:35:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=144.035573]  7%|▋         | 195/2769 [07:26<1:35:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=143.800046]  7%|▋         | 196/2769 [07:26<1:35:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=143.800046]  7%|▋         | 196/2769 [07:28<1:35:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=143.475157]  7%|▋         | 197/2769 [07:28<1:35:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=143.475157]  7%|▋         | 197/2769 [07:30<1:35:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=143.224852]  7%|▋         | 198/2769 [07:30<1:35:02,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=143.224852]  7%|▋         | 198/2769 [07:33<1:35:02,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.982440]  7%|▋         | 199/2769 [07:33<1:34:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.982440]  7%|▋         | 199/2769 [07:35<1:34:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.673230]  7%|▋         | 200/2769 [07:35<1:34:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.673230]  7%|▋         | 200/2769 [07:37<1:34:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.403455]  7%|▋         | 201/2769 [07:37<1:34:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.403455]  7%|▋         | 201/2769 [07:39<1:34:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.208104]  7%|▋         | 202/2769 [07:39<1:34:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.208104]  7%|▋         | 202/2769 [07:41<1:34:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.000833]  7%|▋         | 203/2769 [07:41<1:34:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=142.000833]  7%|▋         | 203/2769 [07:44<1:34:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=141.732319]  7%|▋         | 204/2769 [07:44<1:34:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=141.732319]  7%|▋         | 204/2769 [07:46<1:34:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=141.400123]  7%|▋         | 205/2769 [07:46<1:34:34,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=141.400123]  7%|▋         | 205/2769 [07:48<1:34:34,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=141.067286]  7%|▋         | 206/2769 [07:48<1:34:25,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=141.067286]  7%|▋         | 206/2769 [07:50<1:34:25,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=140.745933]  7%|▋         | 207/2769 [07:50<1:34:17,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=140.745933]  7%|▋         | 207/2769 [07:53<1:34:17,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=140.420181]  8%|▊         | 208/2769 [07:53<1:34:31,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=140.420181]  8%|▊         | 208/2769 [07:55<1:34:31,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=140.143858]  8%|▊         | 209/2769 [07:55<1:34:24,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=140.143858]  8%|▊         | 209/2769 [07:57<1:34:24,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=139.987262]  8%|▊         | 210/2769 [07:57<1:34:14,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=139.987262]  8%|▊         | 210/2769 [07:59<1:34:14,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=139.764170]  8%|▊         | 211/2769 [07:59<1:34:07,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=139.764170]  8%|▊         | 211/2769 [08:01<1:34:07,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=139.432054]  8%|▊         | 212/2769 [08:01<1:34:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=139.432054]  8%|▊         | 212/2769 [08:04<1:34:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=139.157399]  8%|▊         | 213/2769 [08:04<1:34:00,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=139.157399]  8%|▊         | 213/2769 [08:06<1:34:00,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=138.879392]  8%|▊         | 214/2769 [08:06<1:34:28,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=138.879392]  8%|▊         | 214/2769 [08:08<1:34:28,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=138.668540]  8%|▊         | 215/2769 [08:08<1:34:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=138.668540]  8%|▊         | 215/2769 [08:10<1:34:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=138.456398]  8%|▊         | 216/2769 [08:10<1:35:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=138.456398]  8%|▊         | 216/2769 [08:13<1:35:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=138.118326]  8%|▊         | 217/2769 [08:13<1:35:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=138.118326]  8%|▊         | 217/2769 [08:15<1:35:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=137.882193]  8%|▊         | 218/2769 [08:15<1:35:48,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=137.882193]  8%|▊         | 218/2769 [08:17<1:35:48,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=137.631590]  8%|▊         | 219/2769 [08:17<1:35:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=137.631590]  8%|▊         | 219/2769 [08:19<1:35:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=137.340790]  8%|▊         | 220/2769 [08:19<1:35:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=137.340790]  8%|▊         | 220/2769 [08:22<1:35:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=137.065396]  8%|▊         | 221/2769 [08:22<1:35:56,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=137.065396]  8%|▊         | 221/2769 [08:24<1:35:56,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=136.807256]  8%|▊         | 222/2769 [08:24<1:35:50,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=136.807256]  8%|▊         | 222/2769 [08:26<1:35:50,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=136.573399]  8%|▊         | 223/2769 [08:26<1:35:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=136.573399]  8%|▊         | 223/2769 [08:28<1:35:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=136.287469]  8%|▊         | 224/2769 [08:28<1:35:43,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=136.287469]  8%|▊         | 224/2769 [08:31<1:35:43,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=136.053423]  8%|▊         | 225/2769 [08:31<1:36:03,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=136.053423]  8%|▊         | 225/2769 [08:33<1:36:03,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=135.788986]  8%|▊         | 226/2769 [08:33<1:36:02,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=135.788986]  8%|▊         | 226/2769 [08:35<1:36:02,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=135.557302]  8%|▊         | 227/2769 [08:35<1:36:16,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=135.557302]  8%|▊         | 227/2769 [08:38<1:36:16,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=135.268601]  8%|▊         | 228/2769 [08:38<1:36:20,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=135.268601]  8%|▊         | 228/2769 [08:40<1:36:20,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=135.053977]  8%|▊         | 229/2769 [08:40<1:36:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=135.053977]  8%|▊         | 229/2769 [08:42<1:36:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=134.747375]  8%|▊         | 230/2769 [08:42<1:36:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=134.747375]  8%|▊         | 230/2769 [08:44<1:36:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=134.491534]  8%|▊         | 231/2769 [08:44<1:36:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=134.491534]  8%|▊         | 231/2769 [08:47<1:36:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=134.266898]  8%|▊         | 232/2769 [08:47<1:36:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=134.266898]  8%|▊         | 232/2769 [08:49<1:36:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=134.095763]  8%|▊         | 233/2769 [08:49<1:36:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=134.095763]  8%|▊         | 233/2769 [08:51<1:36:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.902395]  8%|▊         | 234/2769 [08:51<1:36:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.902395]  8%|▊         | 234/2769 [08:54<1:36:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.740753]  8%|▊         | 235/2769 [08:54<1:36:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.740753]  8%|▊         | 235/2769 [08:56<1:36:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.512607]  9%|▊         | 236/2769 [08:56<1:36:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.512607]  9%|▊         | 236/2769 [08:58<1:36:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.321946]  9%|▊         | 237/2769 [08:58<1:36:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.321946]  9%|▊         | 237/2769 [09:00<1:36:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.100796]  9%|▊         | 238/2769 [09:00<1:36:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=133.100796]  9%|▊         | 238/2769 [09:03<1:36:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=132.853499]  9%|▊         | 239/2769 [09:03<1:35:55,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=132.853499]  9%|▊         | 239/2769 [09:05<1:35:55,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=132.661352]  9%|▊         | 240/2769 [09:05<1:35:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=132.661352]  9%|▊         | 240/2769 [09:07<1:35:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=132.368544]  9%|▊         | 241/2769 [09:07<1:35:44,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=132.368544]  9%|▊         | 241/2769 [09:09<1:35:44,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=132.177855]  9%|▊         | 242/2769 [09:09<1:35:34,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=132.177855]  9%|▊         | 242/2769 [09:12<1:35:34,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.923653]  9%|▉         | 243/2769 [09:12<1:35:43,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.923653]  9%|▉         | 243/2769 [09:14<1:35:43,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.718852]  9%|▉         | 244/2769 [09:14<1:35:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.718852]  9%|▉         | 244/2769 [09:16<1:35:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.461324]  9%|▉         | 245/2769 [09:16<1:35:31,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.461324]  9%|▉         | 245/2769 [09:19<1:35:31,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.254128]  9%|▉         | 246/2769 [09:19<1:35:29,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.254128]  9%|▉         | 246/2769 [09:21<1:35:29,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.001264]  9%|▉         | 247/2769 [09:21<1:35:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=131.001264]  9%|▉         | 247/2769 [09:23<1:35:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=130.819130]  9%|▉         | 248/2769 [09:23<1:35:49,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=130.819130]  9%|▉         | 248/2769 [09:25<1:35:49,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=130.593862]  9%|▉         | 249/2769 [09:25<1:35:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=130.593862]  9%|▉         | 249/2769 [09:28<1:35:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=130.368817]  9%|▉         | 250/2769 [09:28<1:35:37,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=130.368817]  9%|▉         | 250/2769 [09:30<1:35:37,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=130.138772]  9%|▉         | 251/2769 [09:30<1:35:36,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=130.138772]  9%|▉         | 251/2769 [09:32<1:35:36,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=129.958112]  9%|▉         | 252/2769 [09:32<1:35:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=129.958112]  9%|▉         | 252/2769 [09:35<1:35:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=129.691067]  9%|▉         | 253/2769 [09:35<1:35:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=129.691067]  9%|▉         | 253/2769 [09:37<1:35:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=129.435021]  9%|▉         | 254/2769 [09:37<1:35:46,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=129.435021]  9%|▉         | 254/2769 [09:39<1:35:46,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=129.155917]  9%|▉         | 255/2769 [09:39<1:35:46,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=129.155917]  9%|▉         | 255/2769 [09:41<1:35:46,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.920472]  9%|▉         | 256/2769 [09:41<1:35:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.920472]  9%|▉         | 256/2769 [09:44<1:35:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.676648]  9%|▉         | 257/2769 [09:44<1:35:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.676648]  9%|▉         | 257/2769 [09:46<1:35:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.459159]  9%|▉         | 258/2769 [09:46<1:35:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.459159]  9%|▉         | 258/2769 [09:48<1:35:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.228628]  9%|▉         | 259/2769 [09:48<1:35:12,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.228628]  9%|▉         | 259/2769 [09:50<1:35:12,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.027451]  9%|▉         | 260/2769 [09:50<1:35:06,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=128.027451]  9%|▉         | 260/2769 [09:53<1:35:06,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=127.837465]  9%|▉         | 261/2769 [09:53<1:35:17,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=127.837465]  9%|▉         | 261/2769 [09:55<1:35:17,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=127.585271]  9%|▉         | 262/2769 [09:55<1:35:10,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=127.585271]  9%|▉         | 262/2769 [09:57<1:35:10,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=127.323460]  9%|▉         | 263/2769 [09:57<1:34:59,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=127.323460]  9%|▉         | 263/2769 [10:00<1:34:59,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=127.082854] 10%|▉         | 264/2769 [10:00<1:34:56,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=127.082854] 10%|▉         | 264/2769 [10:02<1:34:56,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.850689] 10%|▉         | 265/2769 [10:02<1:34:53,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.850689] 10%|▉         | 265/2769 [10:04<1:34:53,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.610076] 10%|▉         | 266/2769 [10:04<1:34:47,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.610076] 10%|▉         | 266/2769 [10:06<1:34:47,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.444472] 10%|▉         | 267/2769 [10:06<1:34:44,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.444472] 10%|▉         | 267/2769 [10:09<1:34:44,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.275192] 10%|▉         | 268/2769 [10:09<1:34:39,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.275192] 10%|▉         | 268/2769 [10:11<1:34:39,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.020961] 10%|▉         | 269/2769 [10:11<1:34:40,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=126.020961] 10%|▉         | 269/2769 [10:13<1:34:40,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=125.768189] 10%|▉         | 270/2769 [10:13<1:34:30,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=125.768189] 10%|▉         | 270/2769 [10:15<1:34:30,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=125.517453] 10%|▉         | 271/2769 [10:15<1:34:29,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=125.517453] 10%|▉         | 271/2769 [10:18<1:34:29,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=125.261381] 10%|▉         | 272/2769 [10:18<1:34:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=125.261381] 10%|▉         | 272/2769 [10:20<1:34:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=125.015477] 10%|▉         | 273/2769 [10:20<1:34:37,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=125.015477] 10%|▉         | 273/2769 [10:22<1:34:37,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=124.806991] 10%|▉         | 274/2769 [10:22<1:34:33,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=124.806991] 10%|▉         | 274/2769 [10:25<1:34:33,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=124.663644] 10%|▉         | 275/2769 [10:25<1:34:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=124.663644] 10%|▉         | 275/2769 [10:27<1:34:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=124.501206] 10%|▉         | 276/2769 [10:27<1:34:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=124.501206] 10%|▉         | 276/2769 [10:29<1:34:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=124.218757] 10%|█         | 277/2769 [10:29<1:34:22,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=124.218757] 10%|█         | 277/2769 [10:31<1:34:22,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.988022] 10%|█         | 278/2769 [10:31<1:34:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.988022] 10%|█         | 278/2769 [10:34<1:34:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.816183] 10%|█         | 279/2769 [10:34<1:34:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.816183] 10%|█         | 279/2769 [10:36<1:34:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.624049] 10%|█         | 280/2769 [10:36<1:34:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.624049] 10%|█         | 280/2769 [10:38<1:34:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.463036] 10%|█         | 281/2769 [10:38<1:34:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.463036] 10%|█         | 281/2769 [10:41<1:34:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.299757] 10%|█         | 282/2769 [10:41<1:35:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.299757] 10%|█         | 282/2769 [10:43<1:35:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.112956] 10%|█         | 283/2769 [10:43<1:35:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=123.112956] 10%|█         | 283/2769 [10:45<1:35:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.902164] 10%|█         | 284/2769 [10:45<1:35:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.902164] 10%|█         | 284/2769 [10:48<1:35:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.717535] 10%|█         | 285/2769 [10:48<1:34:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.717535] 10%|█         | 285/2769 [10:50<1:34:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.512702] 10%|█         | 286/2769 [10:50<1:34:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.512702] 10%|█         | 286/2769 [10:52<1:34:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.344330] 10%|█         | 287/2769 [10:52<1:34:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.344330] 10%|█         | 287/2769 [10:54<1:34:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.194406] 10%|█         | 288/2769 [10:54<1:34:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.194406] 10%|█         | 288/2769 [10:57<1:34:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.027265] 10%|█         | 289/2769 [10:57<1:34:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=122.027265] 10%|█         | 289/2769 [10:59<1:34:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.913923] 10%|█         | 290/2769 [10:59<1:34:16,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.913923] 10%|█         | 290/2769 [11:01<1:34:16,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.701646] 11%|█         | 291/2769 [11:01<1:34:05,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.701646] 11%|█         | 291/2769 [11:03<1:34:05,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.559019] 11%|█         | 292/2769 [11:03<1:33:54,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.559019] 11%|█         | 292/2769 [11:06<1:33:54,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.366459] 11%|█         | 293/2769 [11:06<1:33:58,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.366459] 11%|█         | 293/2769 [11:08<1:33:58,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.188548] 11%|█         | 294/2769 [11:08<1:33:45,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=121.188548] 11%|█         | 294/2769 [11:10<1:33:45,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.982886] 11%|█         | 295/2769 [11:10<1:33:47,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.982886] 11%|█         | 295/2769 [11:13<1:33:47,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.772216] 11%|█         | 296/2769 [11:13<1:33:43,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.772216] 11%|█         | 296/2769 [11:15<1:33:43,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.578598] 11%|█         | 297/2769 [11:15<1:33:43,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.578598] 11%|█         | 297/2769 [11:17<1:33:43,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.405652] 11%|█         | 298/2769 [11:17<1:33:38,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.405652] 11%|█         | 298/2769 [11:19<1:33:38,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.243964] 11%|█         | 299/2769 [11:19<1:33:35,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.243964] 11%|█         | 299/2769 [11:22<1:33:35,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.075104] 11%|█         | 300/2769 [11:22<1:33:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=120.075104] 11%|█         | 300/2769 [11:24<1:33:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.923736] 11%|█         | 301/2769 [11:24<1:33:36,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.923736] 11%|█         | 301/2769 [11:26<1:33:36,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.702857] 11%|█         | 302/2769 [11:26<1:33:31,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.702857] 11%|█         | 302/2769 [11:28<1:33:31,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.549990] 11%|█         | 303/2769 [11:28<1:33:24,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.549990] 11%|█         | 303/2769 [11:31<1:33:24,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.396432] 11%|█         | 304/2769 [11:31<1:33:41,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.396432] 11%|█         | 304/2769 [11:33<1:33:41,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.269525] 11%|█         | 305/2769 [11:33<1:33:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.269525] 11%|█         | 305/2769 [11:35<1:33:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.052955] 11%|█         | 306/2769 [11:35<1:33:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=119.052955] 11%|█         | 306/2769 [11:38<1:33:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.929305] 11%|█         | 307/2769 [11:38<1:33:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.929305] 11%|█         | 307/2769 [11:40<1:33:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.738484] 11%|█         | 308/2769 [11:40<1:33:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.738484] 11%|█         | 308/2769 [11:42<1:33:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.614617] 11%|█         | 309/2769 [11:42<1:33:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.614617] 11%|█         | 309/2769 [11:44<1:33:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.404048] 11%|█         | 310/2769 [11:44<1:33:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.404048] 11%|█         | 310/2769 [11:47<1:33:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.200328] 11%|█         | 311/2769 [11:47<1:33:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.200328] 11%|█         | 311/2769 [11:49<1:33:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.040832] 11%|█▏        | 312/2769 [11:49<1:33:59,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=118.040832] 11%|█▏        | 312/2769 [11:51<1:33:59,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.911694] 11%|█▏        | 313/2769 [11:51<1:34:01,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.911694] 11%|█▏        | 313/2769 [11:54<1:34:01,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.803379] 11%|█▏        | 314/2769 [11:54<1:33:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.803379] 11%|█▏        | 314/2769 [11:56<1:33:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.634454] 11%|█▏        | 315/2769 [11:56<1:34:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.634454] 11%|█▏        | 315/2769 [11:58<1:34:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.463877] 11%|█▏        | 316/2769 [11:58<1:33:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.463877] 11%|█▏        | 316/2769 [12:01<1:33:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.281093] 11%|█▏        | 317/2769 [12:01<1:33:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.281093] 11%|█▏        | 317/2769 [12:03<1:33:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.104359] 11%|█▏        | 318/2769 [12:03<1:33:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=117.104359] 11%|█▏        | 318/2769 [12:05<1:33:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.988885] 12%|█▏        | 319/2769 [12:05<1:33:08,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.988885] 12%|█▏        | 319/2769 [12:07<1:33:08,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.829741] 12%|█▏        | 320/2769 [12:07<1:33:00,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.829741] 12%|█▏        | 320/2769 [12:10<1:33:00,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.679468] 12%|█▏        | 321/2769 [12:10<1:32:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.679468] 12%|█▏        | 321/2769 [12:12<1:32:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.511401] 12%|█▏        | 322/2769 [12:12<1:33:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.511401] 12%|█▏        | 322/2769 [12:14<1:33:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.329511] 12%|█▏        | 323/2769 [12:14<1:33:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.329511] 12%|█▏        | 323/2769 [12:17<1:33:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.141301] 12%|█▏        | 324/2769 [12:17<1:33:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=116.141301] 12%|█▏        | 324/2769 [12:19<1:33:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.986281] 12%|█▏        | 325/2769 [12:19<1:32:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.986281] 12%|█▏        | 325/2769 [12:21<1:32:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.780682] 12%|█▏        | 326/2769 [12:21<1:32:46,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.780682] 12%|█▏        | 326/2769 [12:23<1:32:46,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.627888] 12%|█▏        | 327/2769 [12:23<1:32:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.627888] 12%|█▏        | 327/2769 [12:26<1:32:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.487040] 12%|█▏        | 328/2769 [12:26<1:32:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.487040] 12%|█▏        | 328/2769 [12:28<1:32:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.328867] 12%|█▏        | 329/2769 [12:28<1:32:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.328867] 12%|█▏        | 329/2769 [12:30<1:32:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.117661] 12%|█▏        | 330/2769 [12:30<1:32:22,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=115.117661] 12%|█▏        | 330/2769 [12:32<1:32:22,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.962839] 12%|█▏        | 331/2769 [12:32<1:32:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.962839] 12%|█▏        | 331/2769 [12:35<1:32:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.784445] 12%|█▏        | 332/2769 [12:35<1:32:20,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.784445] 12%|█▏        | 332/2769 [12:37<1:32:20,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.665223] 12%|█▏        | 333/2769 [12:37<1:32:18,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.665223] 12%|█▏        | 333/2769 [12:39<1:32:18,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.480704] 12%|█▏        | 334/2769 [12:39<1:32:08,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.480704] 12%|█▏        | 334/2769 [12:42<1:32:08,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.289797] 12%|█▏        | 335/2769 [12:42<1:32:05,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.289797] 12%|█▏        | 335/2769 [12:44<1:32:05,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.149793] 12%|█▏        | 336/2769 [12:44<1:31:57,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=114.149793] 12%|█▏        | 336/2769 [12:46<1:31:57,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.964255] 12%|█▏        | 337/2769 [12:46<1:31:54,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.964255] 12%|█▏        | 337/2769 [12:48<1:31:54,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.793275] 12%|█▏        | 338/2769 [12:48<1:31:49,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.793275] 12%|█▏        | 338/2769 [12:51<1:31:49,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.654088] 12%|█▏        | 339/2769 [12:51<1:32:04,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.654088] 12%|█▏        | 339/2769 [12:53<1:32:04,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.492136] 12%|█▏        | 340/2769 [12:53<1:31:56,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.492136] 12%|█▏        | 340/2769 [12:55<1:31:56,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.317922] 12%|█▏        | 341/2769 [12:55<1:32:01,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.317922] 12%|█▏        | 341/2769 [12:57<1:32:01,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.147958] 12%|█▏        | 342/2769 [12:57<1:32:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=113.147958] 12%|█▏        | 342/2769 [13:00<1:32:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.944747] 12%|█▏        | 343/2769 [13:00<1:32:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.944747] 12%|█▏        | 343/2769 [13:02<1:32:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.842682] 12%|█▏        | 344/2769 [13:02<1:33:00,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.842682] 12%|█▏        | 344/2769 [13:04<1:33:00,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.712271] 12%|█▏        | 345/2769 [13:04<1:32:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.712271] 12%|█▏        | 345/2769 [13:07<1:32:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.574007] 12%|█▏        | 346/2769 [13:07<1:33:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.574007] 12%|█▏        | 346/2769 [13:09<1:33:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.434846] 13%|█▎        | 347/2769 [13:09<1:32:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.434846] 13%|█▎        | 347/2769 [13:11<1:32:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.253776] 13%|█▎        | 348/2769 [13:11<1:32:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.253776] 13%|█▎        | 348/2769 [13:14<1:32:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.090667] 13%|█▎        | 349/2769 [13:14<1:32:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=112.090667] 13%|█▎        | 349/2769 [13:16<1:32:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.936209] 13%|█▎        | 350/2769 [13:16<1:32:43,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.936209] 13%|█▎        | 350/2769 [13:18<1:32:43,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.829331] 13%|█▎        | 351/2769 [13:18<1:32:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.829331] 13%|█▎        | 351/2769 [13:20<1:32:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.686288] 13%|█▎        | 352/2769 [13:20<1:32:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.686288] 13%|█▎        | 352/2769 [13:23<1:32:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.517705] 13%|█▎        | 353/2769 [13:23<1:32:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.517705] 13%|█▎        | 353/2769 [13:25<1:32:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.385160] 13%|█▎        | 354/2769 [13:25<1:32:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.385160] 13%|█▎        | 354/2769 [13:27<1:32:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.256875] 13%|█▎        | 355/2769 [13:27<1:32:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.256875] 13%|█▎        | 355/2769 [13:30<1:32:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.100252] 13%|█▎        | 356/2769 [13:30<1:32:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=111.100252] 13%|█▎        | 356/2769 [13:32<1:32:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.940865] 13%|█▎        | 357/2769 [13:32<1:32:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.940865] 13%|█▎        | 357/2769 [13:34<1:32:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.851600] 13%|█▎        | 358/2769 [13:34<1:32:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.851600] 13%|█▎        | 358/2769 [13:37<1:32:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.729370] 13%|█▎        | 359/2769 [13:37<1:32:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.729370] 13%|█▎        | 359/2769 [13:39<1:32:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.618774] 13%|█▎        | 360/2769 [13:39<1:32:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.618774] 13%|█▎        | 360/2769 [13:41<1:32:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.468706] 13%|█▎        | 361/2769 [13:41<1:32:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.468706] 13%|█▎        | 361/2769 [13:43<1:32:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.290560] 13%|█▎        | 362/2769 [13:43<1:31:52,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.290560] 13%|█▎        | 362/2769 [13:46<1:31:52,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.138789] 13%|█▎        | 363/2769 [13:46<1:31:51,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.138789] 13%|█▎        | 363/2769 [13:48<1:31:51,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.036100] 13%|█▎        | 364/2769 [13:48<1:31:42,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=110.036100] 13%|█▎        | 364/2769 [13:50<1:31:42,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.840848] 13%|█▎        | 365/2769 [13:50<1:31:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.840848] 13%|█▎        | 365/2769 [13:53<1:31:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.662814] 13%|█▎        | 366/2769 [13:53<1:31:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.662814] 13%|█▎        | 366/2769 [13:55<1:31:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.502641] 13%|█▎        | 367/2769 [13:55<1:31:15,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.502641] 13%|█▎        | 367/2769 [13:57<1:31:15,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.354904] 13%|█▎        | 368/2769 [13:57<1:31:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.354904] 13%|█▎        | 368/2769 [13:59<1:31:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.266645] 13%|█▎        | 369/2769 [13:59<1:31:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.266645] 13%|█▎        | 369/2769 [14:02<1:31:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.122829] 13%|█▎        | 370/2769 [14:02<1:31:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=109.122829] 13%|█▎        | 370/2769 [14:04<1:31:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.988865] 13%|█▎        | 371/2769 [14:04<1:31:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.988865] 13%|█▎        | 371/2769 [14:06<1:31:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.878245] 13%|█▎        | 372/2769 [14:06<1:31:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.878245] 13%|█▎        | 372/2769 [14:09<1:31:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.737626] 13%|█▎        | 373/2769 [14:09<1:31:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.737626] 13%|█▎        | 373/2769 [14:11<1:31:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.631371] 14%|█▎        | 374/2769 [14:11<1:31:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.631371] 14%|█▎        | 374/2769 [14:13<1:31:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.482526] 14%|█▎        | 375/2769 [14:13<1:31:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.482526] 14%|█▎        | 375/2769 [14:15<1:31:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.340503] 14%|█▎        | 376/2769 [14:15<1:31:14,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.340503] 14%|█▎        | 376/2769 [14:18<1:31:14,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.194224] 14%|█▎        | 377/2769 [14:18<1:31:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.194224] 14%|█▎        | 377/2769 [14:20<1:31:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.033423] 14%|█▎        | 378/2769 [14:20<1:31:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=108.033423] 14%|█▎        | 378/2769 [14:22<1:31:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.918308] 14%|█▎        | 379/2769 [14:22<1:31:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.918308] 14%|█▎        | 379/2769 [14:25<1:31:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.815033] 14%|█▎        | 380/2769 [14:25<1:31:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.815033] 14%|█▎        | 380/2769 [14:27<1:31:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.714387] 14%|█▍        | 381/2769 [14:27<1:31:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.714387] 14%|█▍        | 381/2769 [14:29<1:31:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.565082] 14%|█▍        | 382/2769 [14:29<1:31:09,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.565082] 14%|█▍        | 382/2769 [14:31<1:31:09,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.427020] 14%|█▍        | 383/2769 [14:31<1:31:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.427020] 14%|█▍        | 383/2769 [14:34<1:31:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.333762] 14%|█▍        | 384/2769 [14:34<1:30:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.333762] 14%|█▍        | 384/2769 [14:36<1:30:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.200495] 14%|█▍        | 385/2769 [14:36<1:30:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.200495] 14%|█▍        | 385/2769 [14:38<1:30:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.073897] 14%|█▍        | 386/2769 [14:38<1:31:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=107.073897] 14%|█▍        | 386/2769 [14:41<1:31:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.941622] 14%|█▍        | 387/2769 [14:41<1:31:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.941622] 14%|█▍        | 387/2769 [14:43<1:31:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.854794] 14%|█▍        | 388/2769 [14:43<1:31:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.854794] 14%|█▍        | 388/2769 [14:45<1:31:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.743862] 14%|█▍        | 389/2769 [14:45<1:31:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.743862] 14%|█▍        | 389/2769 [14:48<1:31:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.592163] 14%|█▍        | 390/2769 [14:48<1:31:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.592163] 14%|█▍        | 390/2769 [14:50<1:31:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.490393] 14%|█▍        | 391/2769 [14:50<1:31:23,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.490393] 14%|█▍        | 391/2769 [14:52<1:31:23,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.375544] 14%|█▍        | 392/2769 [14:52<1:31:21,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.375544] 14%|█▍        | 392/2769 [14:54<1:31:21,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.243971] 14%|█▍        | 393/2769 [14:54<1:31:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.243971] 14%|█▍        | 393/2769 [14:57<1:31:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.127529] 14%|█▍        | 394/2769 [14:57<1:31:10,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.127529] 14%|█▍        | 394/2769 [14:59<1:31:10,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.005443] 14%|█▍        | 395/2769 [14:59<1:30:59,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=106.005443] 14%|█▍        | 395/2769 [15:01<1:30:59,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.811103] 14%|█▍        | 396/2769 [15:01<1:30:48,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.811103] 14%|█▍        | 396/2769 [15:04<1:30:48,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.685153] 14%|█▍        | 397/2769 [15:04<1:30:45,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.685153] 14%|█▍        | 397/2769 [15:06<1:30:45,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.572167] 14%|█▍        | 398/2769 [15:06<1:30:47,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.572167] 14%|█▍        | 398/2769 [15:08<1:30:47,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.459818] 14%|█▍        | 399/2769 [15:08<1:30:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.459818] 14%|█▍        | 399/2769 [15:11<1:30:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.331526] 14%|█▍        | 400/2769 [15:11<1:30:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.331526] 14%|█▍        | 400/2769 [15:13<1:30:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.207728] 14%|█▍        | 401/2769 [15:13<1:30:27,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.207728] 14%|█▍        | 401/2769 [15:15<1:30:27,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.094225] 15%|█▍        | 402/2769 [15:15<1:30:29,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=105.094225] 15%|█▍        | 402/2769 [15:17<1:30:29,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.943647] 15%|█▍        | 403/2769 [15:17<1:30:20,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.943647] 15%|█▍        | 403/2769 [15:20<1:30:20,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.811343] 15%|█▍        | 404/2769 [15:20<1:30:19,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.811343] 15%|█▍        | 404/2769 [15:22<1:30:19,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.700223] 15%|█▍        | 405/2769 [15:22<1:30:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.700223] 15%|█▍        | 405/2769 [15:24<1:30:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.595283] 15%|█▍        | 406/2769 [15:24<1:30:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.595283] 15%|█▍        | 406/2769 [15:27<1:30:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.467279] 15%|█▍        | 407/2769 [15:27<1:30:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.467279] 15%|█▍        | 407/2769 [15:29<1:30:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.371894] 15%|█▍        | 408/2769 [15:29<1:30:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.371894] 15%|█▍        | 408/2769 [15:31<1:30:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.232286] 15%|█▍        | 409/2769 [15:31<1:30:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.232286] 15%|█▍        | 409/2769 [15:33<1:30:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.087232] 15%|█▍        | 410/2769 [15:33<1:30:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.087232] 15%|█▍        | 410/2769 [15:36<1:30:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.012780] 15%|█▍        | 411/2769 [15:36<1:30:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=104.012780] 15%|█▍        | 411/2769 [15:38<1:30:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.909918] 15%|█▍        | 412/2769 [15:38<1:29:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.909918] 15%|█▍        | 412/2769 [15:40<1:29:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.788609] 15%|█▍        | 413/2769 [15:40<1:29:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.788609] 15%|█▍        | 413/2769 [15:43<1:29:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.689988] 15%|█▍        | 414/2769 [15:43<1:29:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.689988] 15%|█▍        | 414/2769 [15:45<1:29:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.549008] 15%|█▍        | 415/2769 [15:45<1:29:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.549008] 15%|█▍        | 415/2769 [15:47<1:29:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.418395] 15%|█▌        | 416/2769 [15:47<1:29:07,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.418395] 15%|█▌        | 416/2769 [15:49<1:29:07,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.271730] 15%|█▌        | 417/2769 [15:49<1:28:57,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.271730] 15%|█▌        | 417/2769 [15:52<1:28:57,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.187683] 15%|█▌        | 418/2769 [15:52<1:29:05,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.187683] 15%|█▌        | 418/2769 [15:54<1:29:05,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.051925] 15%|█▌        | 419/2769 [15:54<1:29:03,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=103.051925] 15%|█▌        | 419/2769 [15:56<1:29:03,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.937748] 15%|█▌        | 420/2769 [15:56<1:29:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.937748] 15%|█▌        | 420/2769 [15:59<1:29:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.839731] 15%|█▌        | 421/2769 [15:59<1:29:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.839731] 15%|█▌        | 421/2769 [16:01<1:29:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.712818] 15%|█▌        | 422/2769 [16:01<1:28:46,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.712818] 15%|█▌        | 422/2769 [16:03<1:28:46,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.591110] 15%|█▌        | 423/2769 [16:03<1:28:01,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.591110] 15%|█▌        | 423/2769 [16:05<1:28:01,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.475780] 15%|█▌        | 424/2769 [16:05<1:27:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.475780] 15%|█▌        | 424/2769 [16:07<1:27:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.378172] 15%|█▌        | 425/2769 [16:07<1:27:08,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.378172] 15%|█▌        | 425/2769 [16:10<1:27:08,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.276076] 15%|█▌        | 426/2769 [16:10<1:26:55,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.276076] 15%|█▌        | 426/2769 [16:12<1:26:55,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.171137] 15%|█▌        | 427/2769 [16:12<1:26:52,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.171137] 15%|█▌        | 427/2769 [16:14<1:26:52,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.054026] 15%|█▌        | 428/2769 [16:14<1:26:37,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=102.054026] 15%|█▌        | 428/2769 [16:16<1:26:37,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.921363] 15%|█▌        | 429/2769 [16:16<1:26:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.921363] 15%|█▌        | 429/2769 [16:18<1:26:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.813528] 16%|█▌        | 430/2769 [16:18<1:26:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.813528] 16%|█▌        | 430/2769 [16:21<1:26:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.674410] 16%|█▌        | 431/2769 [16:21<1:26:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.674410] 16%|█▌        | 431/2769 [16:23<1:26:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.578896] 16%|█▌        | 432/2769 [16:23<1:26:15,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.578896] 16%|█▌        | 432/2769 [16:25<1:26:15,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.449624] 16%|█▌        | 433/2769 [16:25<1:26:08,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.449624] 16%|█▌        | 433/2769 [16:27<1:26:08,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.324717] 16%|█▌        | 434/2769 [16:27<1:26:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.324717] 16%|█▌        | 434/2769 [16:30<1:26:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.256276] 16%|█▌        | 435/2769 [16:30<1:26:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.256276] 16%|█▌        | 435/2769 [16:32<1:26:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.128631] 16%|█▌        | 436/2769 [16:32<1:26:15,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.128631] 16%|█▌        | 436/2769 [16:34<1:26:15,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.018567] 16%|█▌        | 437/2769 [16:34<1:26:08,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=101.018567] 16%|█▌        | 437/2769 [16:36<1:26:08,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.920804] 16%|█▌        | 438/2769 [16:36<1:26:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.920804] 16%|█▌        | 438/2769 [16:38<1:26:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.770216] 16%|█▌        | 439/2769 [16:38<1:25:52,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.770216] 16%|█▌        | 439/2769 [16:41<1:25:52,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.670614] 16%|█▌        | 440/2769 [16:41<1:25:58,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.670614] 16%|█▌        | 440/2769 [16:43<1:25:58,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.550768] 16%|█▌        | 441/2769 [16:43<1:25:52,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.550768] 16%|█▌        | 441/2769 [16:45<1:25:52,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.434734] 16%|█▌        | 442/2769 [16:45<1:25:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.434734] 16%|█▌        | 442/2769 [16:47<1:25:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.328393] 16%|█▌        | 443/2769 [16:47<1:25:51,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.328393] 16%|█▌        | 443/2769 [16:49<1:25:51,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.244500] 16%|█▌        | 444/2769 [16:49<1:25:51,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.244500] 16%|█▌        | 444/2769 [16:52<1:25:51,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.160936] 16%|█▌        | 445/2769 [16:52<1:25:58,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.160936] 16%|█▌        | 445/2769 [16:54<1:25:58,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.006067] 16%|█▌        | 446/2769 [16:54<1:25:50,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=100.006067] 16%|█▌        | 446/2769 [16:56<1:25:50,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.877591]  16%|█▌        | 447/2769 [16:56<1:25:52,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.877591] 16%|█▌        | 447/2769 [16:58<1:25:52,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.754888] 16%|█▌        | 448/2769 [16:58<1:25:39,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.754888] 16%|█▌        | 448/2769 [17:01<1:25:39,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.644892] 16%|█▌        | 449/2769 [17:01<1:26:14,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.644892] 16%|█▌        | 449/2769 [17:03<1:26:14,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.535088] 16%|█▋        | 450/2769 [17:03<1:26:21,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.535088] 16%|█▋        | 450/2769 [17:05<1:26:21,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.434759] 16%|█▋        | 451/2769 [17:05<1:26:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.434759] 16%|█▋        | 451/2769 [17:07<1:26:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.325263] 16%|█▋        | 452/2769 [17:07<1:26:24,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.325263] 16%|█▋        | 452/2769 [17:10<1:26:24,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.212215] 16%|█▋        | 453/2769 [17:10<1:26:27,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.212215] 16%|█▋        | 453/2769 [17:12<1:26:27,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.117263] 16%|█▋        | 454/2769 [17:12<1:26:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=99.117263] 16%|█▋        | 454/2769 [17:14<1:26:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.979489] 16%|█▋        | 455/2769 [17:14<1:26:27,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.979489] 16%|█▋        | 455/2769 [17:16<1:26:27,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.869231] 16%|█▋        | 456/2769 [17:16<1:26:19,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.869231] 16%|█▋        | 456/2769 [17:19<1:26:19,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.769273] 17%|█▋        | 457/2769 [17:19<1:26:22,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.769273] 17%|█▋        | 457/2769 [17:21<1:26:22,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.649650] 17%|█▋        | 458/2769 [17:21<1:26:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.649650] 17%|█▋        | 458/2769 [17:23<1:26:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.563726] 17%|█▋        | 459/2769 [17:23<1:26:29,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.563726] 17%|█▋        | 459/2769 [17:25<1:26:29,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.454475] 17%|█▋        | 460/2769 [17:25<1:26:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.454475] 17%|█▋        | 460/2769 [17:28<1:26:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.335231] 17%|█▋        | 461/2769 [17:28<1:26:07,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.335231] 17%|█▋        | 461/2769 [17:30<1:26:07,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.252445] 17%|█▋        | 462/2769 [17:30<1:26:07,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.252445] 17%|█▋        | 462/2769 [17:32<1:26:07,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.143159] 17%|█▋        | 463/2769 [17:32<1:26:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.143159] 17%|█▋        | 463/2769 [17:34<1:26:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.017485] 17%|█▋        | 464/2769 [17:34<1:25:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=98.017485] 17%|█▋        | 464/2769 [17:36<1:25:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.900802] 17%|█▋        | 465/2769 [17:36<1:25:46,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.900802] 17%|█▋        | 465/2769 [17:39<1:25:46,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.806467] 17%|█▋        | 466/2769 [17:39<1:25:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.806467] 17%|█▋        | 466/2769 [17:41<1:25:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.709870] 17%|█▋        | 467/2769 [17:41<1:25:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.709870] 17%|█▋        | 467/2769 [17:43<1:25:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.607410] 17%|█▋        | 468/2769 [17:43<1:25:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.607410] 17%|█▋        | 468/2769 [17:45<1:25:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.494334] 17%|█▋        | 469/2769 [17:45<1:25:39,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.494334] 17%|█▋        | 469/2769 [17:48<1:25:39,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.350260] 17%|█▋        | 470/2769 [17:48<1:25:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.350260] 17%|█▋        | 470/2769 [17:50<1:25:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.264491] 17%|█▋        | 471/2769 [17:50<1:25:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.264491] 17%|█▋        | 471/2769 [17:52<1:25:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.137349] 17%|█▋        | 472/2769 [17:52<1:25:38,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.137349] 17%|█▋        | 472/2769 [17:54<1:25:38,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.017361] 17%|█▋        | 473/2769 [17:54<1:25:36,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=97.017361] 17%|█▋        | 473/2769 [17:57<1:25:36,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.928245] 17%|█▋        | 474/2769 [17:57<1:25:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.928245] 17%|█▋        | 474/2769 [17:59<1:25:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.818386] 17%|█▋        | 475/2769 [17:59<1:25:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.818386] 17%|█▋        | 475/2769 [18:01<1:25:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.712052] 17%|█▋        | 476/2769 [18:01<1:25:40,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.712052] 17%|█▋        | 476/2769 [18:03<1:25:40,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.615834] 17%|█▋        | 477/2769 [18:03<1:25:29,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.615834] 17%|█▋        | 477/2769 [18:06<1:25:29,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.521315] 17%|█▋        | 478/2769 [18:06<1:25:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.521315] 17%|█▋        | 478/2769 [18:08<1:25:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.400689] 17%|█▋        | 479/2769 [18:08<1:25:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.400689] 17%|█▋        | 479/2769 [18:10<1:25:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.302815] 17%|█▋        | 480/2769 [18:10<1:25:38,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.302815] 17%|█▋        | 480/2769 [18:12<1:25:38,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.195135] 17%|█▋        | 481/2769 [18:12<1:25:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.195135] 17%|█▋        | 481/2769 [18:15<1:25:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.099052] 17%|█▋        | 482/2769 [18:15<1:25:38,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.099052] 17%|█▋        | 482/2769 [18:17<1:25:38,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.012419] 17%|█▋        | 483/2769 [18:17<1:25:42,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=96.012419] 17%|█▋        | 483/2769 [18:19<1:25:42,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.903481] 17%|█▋        | 484/2769 [18:19<1:25:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.903481] 17%|█▋        | 484/2769 [18:21<1:25:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.779848] 18%|█▊        | 485/2769 [18:21<1:25:29,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.779848] 18%|█▊        | 485/2769 [18:24<1:25:29,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.690112] 18%|█▊        | 486/2769 [18:24<1:25:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.690112] 18%|█▊        | 486/2769 [18:26<1:25:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.585482] 18%|█▊        | 487/2769 [18:26<1:25:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.585482] 18%|█▊        | 487/2769 [18:28<1:25:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.494821] 18%|█▊        | 488/2769 [18:28<1:25:02,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.494821] 18%|█▊        | 488/2769 [18:30<1:25:02,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.388683] 18%|█▊        | 489/2769 [18:30<1:24:58,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.388683] 18%|█▊        | 489/2769 [18:32<1:24:58,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.301539] 18%|█▊        | 490/2769 [18:32<1:25:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.301539] 18%|█▊        | 490/2769 [18:35<1:25:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.210339] 18%|█▊        | 491/2769 [18:35<1:25:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.210339] 18%|█▊        | 491/2769 [18:37<1:25:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.133717] 18%|█▊        | 492/2769 [18:37<1:25:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.133717] 18%|█▊        | 492/2769 [18:39<1:25:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.033340] 18%|█▊        | 493/2769 [18:39<1:24:55,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=95.033340] 18%|█▊        | 493/2769 [18:41<1:24:55,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.907952] 18%|█▊        | 494/2769 [18:41<1:24:37,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.907952] 18%|█▊        | 494/2769 [18:44<1:24:37,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.834691] 18%|█▊        | 495/2769 [18:44<1:24:25,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.834691] 18%|█▊        | 495/2769 [18:46<1:24:25,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.741228] 18%|█▊        | 496/2769 [18:46<1:24:19,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.741228] 18%|█▊        | 496/2769 [18:48<1:24:19,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.667101] 18%|█▊        | 497/2769 [18:48<1:24:08,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.667101] 18%|█▊        | 497/2769 [18:50<1:24:08,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.569892] 18%|█▊        | 498/2769 [18:50<1:23:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.569892] 18%|█▊        | 498/2769 [18:52<1:23:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.466852] 18%|█▊        | 499/2769 [18:52<1:23:52,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.466852] 18%|█▊        | 499/2769 [18:55<1:23:52,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.390328] 18%|█▊        | 500/2769 [18:55<1:23:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.390328] 18%|█▊        | 500/2769 [18:57<1:23:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.292511] 18%|█▊        | 501/2769 [18:57<1:23:42,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.292511] 18%|█▊        | 501/2769 [18:59<1:23:42,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.190030] 18%|█▊        | 502/2769 [18:59<1:23:39,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.190030] 18%|█▊        | 502/2769 [19:01<1:23:39,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.097549] 18%|█▊        | 503/2769 [19:01<1:23:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=94.097549] 18%|█▊        | 503/2769 [19:04<1:23:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.986522] 18%|█▊        | 504/2769 [19:04<1:23:37,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.986522] 18%|█▊        | 504/2769 [19:06<1:23:37,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.890396] 18%|█▊        | 505/2769 [19:06<1:23:47,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.890396] 18%|█▊        | 505/2769 [19:08<1:23:47,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.793464] 18%|█▊        | 506/2769 [19:08<1:23:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.793464] 18%|█▊        | 506/2769 [19:10<1:23:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.704825] 18%|█▊        | 507/2769 [19:10<1:23:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.704825] 18%|█▊        | 507/2769 [19:12<1:23:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.614346] 18%|█▊        | 508/2769 [19:12<1:23:23,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.614346] 18%|█▊        | 508/2769 [19:15<1:23:23,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.529155] 18%|█▊        | 509/2769 [19:15<1:23:25,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.529155] 18%|█▊        | 509/2769 [19:17<1:23:25,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.421612] 18%|█▊        | 510/2769 [19:17<1:23:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.421612] 18%|█▊        | 510/2769 [19:19<1:23:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.325117] 18%|█▊        | 511/2769 [19:19<1:23:18,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.325117] 18%|█▊        | 511/2769 [19:21<1:23:18,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.221696] 18%|█▊        | 512/2769 [19:21<1:23:16,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.221696] 18%|█▊        | 512/2769 [19:23<1:23:16,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.123308] 19%|█▊        | 513/2769 [19:23<1:23:11,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.123308] 19%|█▊        | 513/2769 [19:26<1:23:11,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.029328] 19%|█▊        | 514/2769 [19:26<1:23:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=93.029328] 19%|█▊        | 514/2769 [19:28<1:23:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.934019] 19%|█▊        | 515/2769 [19:28<1:23:07,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.934019] 19%|█▊        | 515/2769 [19:30<1:23:07,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.837705] 19%|█▊        | 516/2769 [19:30<1:23:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.837705] 19%|█▊        | 516/2769 [19:32<1:23:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.754258] 19%|█▊        | 517/2769 [19:32<1:23:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.754258] 19%|█▊        | 517/2769 [19:35<1:23:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.639956] 19%|█▊        | 518/2769 [19:35<1:23:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.639956] 19%|█▊        | 518/2769 [19:37<1:23:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.574889] 19%|█▊        | 519/2769 [19:37<1:23:03,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.574889] 19%|█▊        | 519/2769 [19:39<1:23:03,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.498543] 19%|█▉        | 520/2769 [19:39<1:22:52,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.498543] 19%|█▉        | 520/2769 [19:41<1:22:52,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.425471] 19%|█▉        | 521/2769 [19:41<1:22:48,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.425471] 19%|█▉        | 521/2769 [19:43<1:22:48,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.340810] 19%|█▉        | 522/2769 [19:43<1:22:48,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.340810] 19%|█▉        | 522/2769 [19:46<1:22:48,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.239851] 19%|█▉        | 523/2769 [19:46<1:23:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.239851] 19%|█▉        | 523/2769 [19:48<1:23:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.140437] 19%|█▉        | 524/2769 [19:48<1:23:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.140437] 19%|█▉        | 524/2769 [19:50<1:23:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.046896] 19%|█▉        | 525/2769 [19:50<1:23:13,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=92.046896] 19%|█▉        | 525/2769 [19:52<1:23:13,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.952391] 19%|█▉        | 526/2769 [19:52<1:23:16,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.952391] 19%|█▉        | 526/2769 [19:55<1:23:16,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.845461] 19%|█▉        | 527/2769 [19:55<1:23:19,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.845461] 19%|█▉        | 527/2769 [19:57<1:23:19,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.761049] 19%|█▉        | 528/2769 [19:57<1:23:18,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.761049] 19%|█▉        | 528/2769 [19:59<1:23:18,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.682093] 19%|█▉        | 529/2769 [19:59<1:23:08,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.682093] 19%|█▉        | 529/2769 [20:01<1:23:08,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.586040] 19%|█▉        | 530/2769 [20:01<1:23:23,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.586040] 19%|█▉        | 530/2769 [20:04<1:23:23,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.502267] 19%|█▉        | 531/2769 [20:04<1:23:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.502267] 19%|█▉        | 531/2769 [20:06<1:23:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.415664] 19%|█▉        | 532/2769 [20:06<1:23:15,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.415664] 19%|█▉        | 532/2769 [20:08<1:23:15,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.315428] 19%|█▉        | 533/2769 [20:08<1:22:52,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.315428] 19%|█▉        | 533/2769 [20:10<1:22:52,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.229019] 19%|█▉        | 534/2769 [20:10<1:22:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.229019] 19%|█▉        | 534/2769 [20:12<1:22:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.122911] 19%|█▉        | 535/2769 [20:12<1:22:31,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.122911] 19%|█▉        | 535/2769 [20:15<1:22:31,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.057320] 19%|█▉        | 536/2769 [20:15<1:22:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=91.057320] 19%|█▉        | 536/2769 [20:17<1:22:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.961205] 19%|█▉        | 537/2769 [20:17<1:22:29,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.961205] 19%|█▉        | 537/2769 [20:19<1:22:29,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.866138] 19%|█▉        | 538/2769 [20:19<1:22:31,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.866138] 19%|█▉        | 538/2769 [20:21<1:22:31,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.760065] 19%|█▉        | 539/2769 [20:21<1:22:19,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.760065] 19%|█▉        | 539/2769 [20:23<1:22:19,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.661447] 20%|█▉        | 540/2769 [20:23<1:22:11,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.661447] 20%|█▉        | 540/2769 [20:26<1:22:11,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.586401] 20%|█▉        | 541/2769 [20:26<1:22:23,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.586401] 20%|█▉        | 541/2769 [20:28<1:22:23,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.491647] 20%|█▉        | 542/2769 [20:28<1:22:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.491647] 20%|█▉        | 542/2769 [20:30<1:22:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.406504] 20%|█▉        | 543/2769 [20:30<1:22:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.406504] 20%|█▉        | 543/2769 [20:32<1:22:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.315895] 20%|█▉        | 544/2769 [20:32<1:22:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.315895] 20%|█▉        | 544/2769 [20:35<1:22:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.229042] 20%|█▉        | 545/2769 [20:35<1:22:20,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.229042] 20%|█▉        | 545/2769 [20:37<1:22:20,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.142363] 20%|█▉        | 546/2769 [20:37<1:22:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.142363] 20%|█▉        | 546/2769 [20:39<1:22:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.030513] 20%|█▉        | 547/2769 [20:39<1:22:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=90.030513] 20%|█▉        | 547/2769 [20:41<1:22:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.941992] 20%|█▉        | 548/2769 [20:41<1:22:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.941992] 20%|█▉        | 548/2769 [20:43<1:22:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.836714] 20%|█▉        | 549/2769 [20:43<1:21:55,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.836714] 20%|█▉        | 549/2769 [20:46<1:21:55,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.744531] 20%|█▉        | 550/2769 [20:46<1:22:06,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.744531] 20%|█▉        | 550/2769 [20:48<1:22:06,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.657548] 20%|█▉        | 551/2769 [20:48<1:21:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.657548] 20%|█▉        | 551/2769 [20:50<1:21:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.562888] 20%|█▉        | 552/2769 [20:50<1:21:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.562888] 20%|█▉        | 552/2769 [20:52<1:21:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.466587] 20%|█▉        | 553/2769 [20:52<1:21:42,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.466587] 20%|█▉        | 553/2769 [20:54<1:21:42,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.369047] 20%|██        | 554/2769 [20:54<1:21:38,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.369047] 20%|██        | 554/2769 [20:57<1:21:38,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.300071] 20%|██        | 555/2769 [20:57<1:21:41,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.300071] 20%|██        | 555/2769 [20:59<1:21:41,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.209081] 20%|██        | 556/2769 [20:59<1:21:33,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.209081] 20%|██        | 556/2769 [21:01<1:21:33,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.137076] 20%|██        | 557/2769 [21:01<1:21:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.137076] 20%|██        | 557/2769 [21:03<1:21:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.049613] 20%|██        | 558/2769 [21:03<1:21:36,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=89.049613] 20%|██        | 558/2769 [21:06<1:21:36,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.959098] 20%|██        | 559/2769 [21:06<1:21:34,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.959098] 20%|██        | 559/2769 [21:08<1:21:34,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.859995] 20%|██        | 560/2769 [21:08<1:21:24,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.859995] 20%|██        | 560/2769 [21:10<1:21:24,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.756003] 20%|██        | 561/2769 [21:10<1:21:19,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.756003] 20%|██        | 561/2769 [21:12<1:21:19,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.653235] 20%|██        | 562/2769 [21:12<1:21:18,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.653235] 20%|██        | 562/2769 [21:14<1:21:18,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.551203] 20%|██        | 563/2769 [21:14<1:21:11,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.551203] 20%|██        | 563/2769 [21:17<1:21:11,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.464437] 20%|██        | 564/2769 [21:17<1:21:14,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.464437] 20%|██        | 564/2769 [21:19<1:21:14,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.369534] 20%|██        | 565/2769 [21:19<1:21:16,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.369534] 20%|██        | 565/2769 [21:21<1:21:16,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.287439] 20%|██        | 566/2769 [21:21<1:21:19,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.287439] 20%|██        | 566/2769 [21:23<1:21:19,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.212865] 20%|██        | 567/2769 [21:23<1:21:22,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.212865] 20%|██        | 567/2769 [21:25<1:21:22,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.123403] 21%|██        | 568/2769 [21:25<1:21:26,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.123403] 21%|██        | 568/2769 [21:28<1:21:26,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.030917] 21%|██        | 569/2769 [21:28<1:21:23,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=88.030917] 21%|██        | 569/2769 [21:30<1:21:23,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.934254] 21%|██        | 570/2769 [21:30<1:21:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.934254] 21%|██        | 570/2769 [21:32<1:21:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.838903] 21%|██        | 571/2769 [21:32<1:21:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.838903] 21%|██        | 571/2769 [21:34<1:21:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.747050] 21%|██        | 572/2769 [21:34<1:21:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.747050] 21%|██        | 572/2769 [21:37<1:21:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.644519] 21%|██        | 573/2769 [21:37<1:21:23,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.644519] 21%|██        | 573/2769 [21:39<1:21:23,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.563189] 21%|██        | 574/2769 [21:39<1:21:15,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.563189] 21%|██        | 574/2769 [21:41<1:21:15,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.472726] 21%|██        | 575/2769 [21:41<1:21:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.472726] 21%|██        | 575/2769 [21:43<1:21:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.376850] 21%|██        | 576/2769 [21:43<1:21:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.376850] 21%|██        | 576/2769 [21:45<1:21:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.290329] 21%|██        | 577/2769 [21:45<1:21:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.290329] 21%|██        | 577/2769 [21:48<1:21:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.195552] 21%|██        | 578/2769 [21:48<1:21:01,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.195552] 21%|██        | 578/2769 [21:50<1:21:01,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.109719] 21%|██        | 579/2769 [21:50<1:21:01,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.109719] 21%|██        | 579/2769 [21:52<1:21:01,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.035336] 21%|██        | 580/2769 [21:52<1:20:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=87.035336] 21%|██        | 580/2769 [21:54<1:20:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.949785] 21%|██        | 581/2769 [21:54<1:20:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.949785] 21%|██        | 581/2769 [21:57<1:20:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.874126] 21%|██        | 582/2769 [21:57<1:20:58,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.874126] 21%|██        | 582/2769 [21:59<1:20:58,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.783472] 21%|██        | 583/2769 [21:59<1:20:47,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.783472] 21%|██        | 583/2769 [22:01<1:20:47,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.709766] 21%|██        | 584/2769 [22:01<1:20:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.709766] 21%|██        | 584/2769 [22:03<1:20:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.606263] 21%|██        | 585/2769 [22:03<1:20:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.606263] 21%|██        | 585/2769 [22:05<1:20:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.513370] 21%|██        | 586/2769 [22:05<1:20:37,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.513370] 21%|██        | 586/2769 [22:08<1:20:37,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.429136] 21%|██        | 587/2769 [22:08<1:20:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.429136] 21%|██        | 587/2769 [22:10<1:20:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.357835] 21%|██        | 588/2769 [22:10<1:20:40,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.357835] 21%|██        | 588/2769 [22:12<1:20:40,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.288322] 21%|██▏       | 589/2769 [22:12<1:20:41,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.288322] 21%|██▏       | 589/2769 [22:14<1:20:41,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.199533] 21%|██▏       | 590/2769 [22:14<1:20:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.199533] 21%|██▏       | 590/2769 [22:17<1:20:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.125410] 21%|██▏       | 591/2769 [22:17<1:20:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.125410] 21%|██▏       | 591/2769 [22:19<1:20:43,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.050765] 21%|██▏       | 592/2769 [22:19<1:20:36,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=86.050765] 21%|██▏       | 592/2769 [22:21<1:20:36,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.960472] 21%|██▏       | 593/2769 [22:21<1:20:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.960472] 21%|██▏       | 593/2769 [22:23<1:20:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.874266] 21%|██▏       | 594/2769 [22:23<1:20:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.874266] 21%|██▏       | 594/2769 [22:25<1:20:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.786294] 21%|██▏       | 595/2769 [22:25<1:20:27,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.786294] 21%|██▏       | 595/2769 [22:28<1:20:27,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.701047] 22%|██▏       | 596/2769 [22:28<1:20:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.701047] 22%|██▏       | 596/2769 [22:30<1:20:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.617281] 22%|██▏       | 597/2769 [22:30<1:20:33,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.617281] 22%|██▏       | 597/2769 [22:32<1:20:33,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.537484] 22%|██▏       | 598/2769 [22:32<1:20:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.537484] 22%|██▏       | 598/2769 [22:34<1:20:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.445937] 22%|██▏       | 599/2769 [22:34<1:20:22,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.445937] 22%|██▏       | 599/2769 [22:37<1:20:22,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.355766] 22%|██▏       | 600/2769 [22:37<1:20:33,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.355766] 22%|██▏       | 600/2769 [22:39<1:20:33,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.260979] 22%|██▏       | 601/2769 [22:39<1:20:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.260979] 22%|██▏       | 601/2769 [22:41<1:20:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.178439] 22%|██▏       | 602/2769 [22:41<1:20:42,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.178439] 22%|██▏       | 602/2769 [22:43<1:20:42,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.097656] 22%|██▏       | 603/2769 [22:43<1:20:35,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.097656] 22%|██▏       | 603/2769 [22:45<1:20:35,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.000685] 22%|██▏       | 604/2769 [22:45<1:20:29,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=85.000685] 22%|██▏       | 604/2769 [22:48<1:20:29,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.903794] 22%|██▏       | 605/2769 [22:48<1:20:16,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.903794] 22%|██▏       | 605/2769 [22:50<1:20:16,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.827134] 22%|██▏       | 606/2769 [22:50<1:20:11,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.827134] 22%|██▏       | 606/2769 [22:52<1:20:11,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.751381] 22%|██▏       | 607/2769 [22:52<1:20:04,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.751381] 22%|██▏       | 607/2769 [22:54<1:20:04,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.657246] 22%|██▏       | 608/2769 [22:54<1:19:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.657246] 22%|██▏       | 608/2769 [22:57<1:19:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.569994] 22%|██▏       | 609/2769 [22:57<1:20:02,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.569994] 22%|██▏       | 609/2769 [22:59<1:20:02,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.482972] 22%|██▏       | 610/2769 [22:59<1:19:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.482972] 22%|██▏       | 610/2769 [23:01<1:19:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.388156] 22%|██▏       | 611/2769 [23:01<1:19:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.388156] 22%|██▏       | 611/2769 [23:03<1:19:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.328069] 22%|██▏       | 612/2769 [23:03<1:19:48,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.328069] 22%|██▏       | 612/2769 [23:05<1:19:48,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.261499] 22%|██▏       | 613/2769 [23:05<1:20:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.261499] 22%|██▏       | 613/2769 [23:08<1:20:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.186228] 22%|██▏       | 614/2769 [23:08<1:19:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.186228] 22%|██▏       | 614/2769 [23:10<1:19:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.103459] 22%|██▏       | 615/2769 [23:10<1:19:48,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.103459] 22%|██▏       | 615/2769 [23:12<1:19:48,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.024876] 22%|██▏       | 616/2769 [23:12<1:19:45,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=84.024876] 22%|██▏       | 616/2769 [23:14<1:19:45,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.941372] 22%|██▏       | 617/2769 [23:14<1:19:34,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.941372] 22%|██▏       | 617/2769 [23:17<1:19:34,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.858690] 22%|██▏       | 618/2769 [23:17<1:19:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.858690] 22%|██▏       | 618/2769 [23:19<1:19:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.777571] 22%|██▏       | 619/2769 [23:19<1:19:34,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.777571] 22%|██▏       | 619/2769 [23:21<1:19:34,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.682774] 22%|██▏       | 620/2769 [23:21<1:19:36,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.682774] 22%|██▏       | 620/2769 [23:23<1:19:36,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.602457] 22%|██▏       | 621/2769 [23:23<1:19:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.602457] 22%|██▏       | 621/2769 [23:25<1:19:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.515796] 22%|██▏       | 622/2769 [23:25<1:19:39,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.515796] 22%|██▏       | 622/2769 [23:28<1:19:39,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.425872] 22%|██▏       | 623/2769 [23:28<1:19:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.425872] 22%|██▏       | 623/2769 [23:30<1:19:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.356500] 23%|██▎       | 624/2769 [23:30<1:19:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.356500] 23%|██▎       | 624/2769 [23:32<1:19:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.277199] 23%|██▎       | 625/2769 [23:32<1:19:38,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.277199] 23%|██▎       | 625/2769 [23:34<1:19:38,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.191654] 23%|██▎       | 626/2769 [23:34<1:19:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.191654] 23%|██▎       | 626/2769 [23:37<1:19:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.125226] 23%|██▎       | 627/2769 [23:37<1:19:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.125226] 23%|██▎       | 627/2769 [23:39<1:19:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.043854] 23%|██▎       | 628/2769 [23:39<1:19:44,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=83.043854] 23%|██▎       | 628/2769 [23:41<1:19:44,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.964026] 23%|██▎       | 629/2769 [23:41<1:19:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.964026] 23%|██▎       | 629/2769 [23:43<1:19:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.897533] 23%|██▎       | 630/2769 [23:43<1:19:42,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.897533] 23%|██▎       | 630/2769 [23:46<1:19:42,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.819585] 23%|██▎       | 631/2769 [23:46<1:19:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.819585] 23%|██▎       | 631/2769 [23:48<1:19:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.724511] 23%|██▎       | 632/2769 [23:48<1:19:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.724511] 23%|██▎       | 632/2769 [23:50<1:19:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.648340] 23%|██▎       | 633/2769 [23:50<1:19:26,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.648340] 23%|██▎       | 633/2769 [23:52<1:19:26,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.569525] 23%|██▎       | 634/2769 [23:52<1:19:13,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.569525] 23%|██▎       | 634/2769 [23:54<1:19:13,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.494689] 23%|██▎       | 635/2769 [23:54<1:19:00,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.494689] 23%|██▎       | 635/2769 [23:57<1:19:00,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.430197] 23%|██▎       | 636/2769 [23:57<1:19:02,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.430197] 23%|██▎       | 636/2769 [23:59<1:19:02,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.362399] 23%|██▎       | 637/2769 [23:59<1:18:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.362399] 23%|██▎       | 637/2769 [24:01<1:18:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.273687] 23%|██▎       | 638/2769 [24:01<1:18:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.273687] 23%|██▎       | 638/2769 [24:03<1:18:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.184686] 23%|██▎       | 639/2769 [24:03<1:18:58,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.184686] 23%|██▎       | 639/2769 [24:06<1:18:58,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.106804] 23%|██▎       | 640/2769 [24:06<1:19:24,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.106804] 23%|██▎       | 640/2769 [24:08<1:19:24,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.034510] 23%|██▎       | 641/2769 [24:08<1:19:09,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=82.034510] 23%|██▎       | 641/2769 [24:10<1:19:09,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.946930] 23%|██▎       | 642/2769 [24:10<1:18:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.946930] 23%|██▎       | 642/2769 [24:12<1:18:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.859548] 23%|██▎       | 643/2769 [24:12<1:18:49,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.859548] 23%|██▎       | 643/2769 [24:15<1:18:49,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.769337] 23%|██▎       | 644/2769 [24:15<1:18:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.769337] 23%|██▎       | 644/2769 [24:17<1:18:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.682203] 23%|██▎       | 645/2769 [24:17<1:19:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.682203] 23%|██▎       | 645/2769 [24:19<1:19:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.605634] 23%|██▎       | 646/2769 [24:19<1:19:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.605634] 23%|██▎       | 646/2769 [24:21<1:19:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.517829] 23%|██▎       | 647/2769 [24:21<1:19:09,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.517829] 23%|██▎       | 647/2769 [24:24<1:19:09,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.440952] 23%|██▎       | 648/2769 [24:24<1:19:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.440952] 23%|██▎       | 648/2769 [24:26<1:19:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.363465] 23%|██▎       | 649/2769 [24:26<1:19:12,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.363465] 23%|██▎       | 649/2769 [24:28<1:19:12,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.280894] 23%|██▎       | 650/2769 [24:28<1:19:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.280894] 23%|██▎       | 650/2769 [24:30<1:19:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.207589] 24%|██▎       | 651/2769 [24:30<1:18:54,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.207589] 24%|██▎       | 651/2769 [24:32<1:18:54,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.130180] 24%|██▎       | 652/2769 [24:32<1:18:39,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.130180] 24%|██▎       | 652/2769 [24:35<1:18:39,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.052495] 24%|██▎       | 653/2769 [24:35<1:18:30,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=81.052495] 24%|██▎       | 653/2769 [24:37<1:18:30,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.971829] 24%|██▎       | 654/2769 [24:37<1:18:26,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.971829] 24%|██▎       | 654/2769 [24:39<1:18:26,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.884659] 24%|██▎       | 655/2769 [24:39<1:18:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.884659] 24%|██▎       | 655/2769 [24:41<1:18:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.809646] 24%|██▎       | 656/2769 [24:41<1:18:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.809646] 24%|██▎       | 656/2769 [24:44<1:18:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.732667] 24%|██▎       | 657/2769 [24:44<1:18:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.732667] 24%|██▎       | 657/2769 [24:46<1:18:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.651595] 24%|██▍       | 658/2769 [24:46<1:18:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.651595] 24%|██▍       | 658/2769 [24:48<1:18:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.570217] 24%|██▍       | 659/2769 [24:48<1:18:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.570217] 24%|██▍       | 659/2769 [24:50<1:18:05,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.498578] 24%|██▍       | 660/2769 [24:50<1:18:02,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.498578] 24%|██▍       | 660/2769 [24:52<1:18:02,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.416036] 24%|██▍       | 661/2769 [24:52<1:17:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.416036] 24%|██▍       | 661/2769 [24:55<1:17:56,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.347009] 24%|██▍       | 662/2769 [24:55<1:17:57,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.347009] 24%|██▍       | 662/2769 [24:57<1:17:57,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.276373] 24%|██▍       | 663/2769 [24:57<1:17:57,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.276373] 24%|██▍       | 663/2769 [24:59<1:17:57,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.206698] 24%|██▍       | 664/2769 [24:59<1:17:54,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.206698] 24%|██▍       | 664/2769 [25:01<1:17:54,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.141922] 24%|██▍       | 665/2769 [25:01<1:17:51,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.141922] 24%|██▍       | 665/2769 [25:03<1:17:51,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.048632] 24%|██▍       | 666/2769 [25:03<1:17:40,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=80.048632] 24%|██▍       | 666/2769 [25:06<1:17:40,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.962356] 24%|██▍       | 667/2769 [25:06<1:17:58,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.962356] 24%|██▍       | 667/2769 [25:08<1:17:58,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.904023] 24%|██▍       | 668/2769 [25:08<1:17:57,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.904023] 24%|██▍       | 668/2769 [25:10<1:17:57,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.820296] 24%|██▍       | 669/2769 [25:10<1:18:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.820296] 24%|██▍       | 669/2769 [25:12<1:18:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.766167] 24%|██▍       | 670/2769 [25:12<1:18:12,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.766167] 24%|██▍       | 670/2769 [25:15<1:18:12,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.693740] 24%|██▍       | 671/2769 [25:15<1:18:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.693740] 24%|██▍       | 671/2769 [25:17<1:18:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.622358] 24%|██▍       | 672/2769 [25:17<1:18:08,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.622358] 24%|██▍       | 672/2769 [25:19<1:18:08,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.542538] 24%|██▍       | 673/2769 [25:19<1:18:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.542538] 24%|██▍       | 673/2769 [25:21<1:18:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.478034] 24%|██▍       | 674/2769 [25:21<1:17:51,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.478034] 24%|██▍       | 674/2769 [25:24<1:17:51,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.411469] 24%|██▍       | 675/2769 [25:24<1:17:39,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.411469] 24%|██▍       | 675/2769 [25:26<1:17:39,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.323238] 24%|██▍       | 676/2769 [25:26<1:17:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.323238] 24%|██▍       | 676/2769 [25:28<1:17:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.261982] 24%|██▍       | 677/2769 [25:28<1:17:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.261982] 24%|██▍       | 677/2769 [25:30<1:17:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.189822] 24%|██▍       | 678/2769 [25:30<1:17:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.189822] 24%|██▍       | 678/2769 [25:32<1:17:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.101617] 25%|██▍       | 679/2769 [25:32<1:17:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.101617] 25%|██▍       | 679/2769 [25:35<1:17:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.042791] 25%|██▍       | 680/2769 [25:35<1:17:11,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=79.042791] 25%|██▍       | 680/2769 [25:37<1:17:11,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.963667] 25%|██▍       | 681/2769 [25:37<1:17:46,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.963667] 25%|██▍       | 681/2769 [25:39<1:17:46,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.895610] 25%|██▍       | 682/2769 [25:39<1:17:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.895610] 25%|██▍       | 682/2769 [25:41<1:17:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.825424] 25%|██▍       | 683/2769 [25:41<1:18:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.825424] 25%|██▍       | 683/2769 [25:44<1:18:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.758487] 25%|██▍       | 684/2769 [25:44<1:18:07,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.758487] 25%|██▍       | 684/2769 [25:46<1:18:07,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.684572] 25%|██▍       | 685/2769 [25:46<1:19:16,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.684572] 25%|██▍       | 685/2769 [25:48<1:19:16,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.610082] 25%|██▍       | 686/2769 [25:48<1:19:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.610082] 25%|██▍       | 686/2769 [25:51<1:19:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.536503] 25%|██▍       | 687/2769 [25:51<1:19:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.536503] 25%|██▍       | 687/2769 [25:53<1:19:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.476379] 25%|██▍       | 688/2769 [25:53<1:19:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.476379] 25%|██▍       | 688/2769 [25:55<1:19:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.395982] 25%|██▍       | 689/2769 [25:55<1:19:14,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.395982] 25%|██▍       | 689/2769 [25:58<1:19:14,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.335799] 25%|██▍       | 690/2769 [25:58<1:19:10,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.335799] 25%|██▍       | 690/2769 [26:00<1:19:10,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.262783] 25%|██▍       | 691/2769 [26:00<1:19:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.262783] 25%|██▍       | 691/2769 [26:02<1:19:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.200646] 25%|██▍       | 692/2769 [26:02<1:19:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.200646] 25%|██▍       | 692/2769 [26:04<1:19:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.124909] 25%|██▌       | 693/2769 [26:04<1:19:30,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.124909] 25%|██▌       | 693/2769 [26:07<1:19:30,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.055167] 25%|██▌       | 694/2769 [26:07<1:19:42,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=78.055167] 25%|██▌       | 694/2769 [26:09<1:19:42,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.968987] 25%|██▌       | 695/2769 [26:09<1:19:31,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.968987] 25%|██▌       | 695/2769 [26:11<1:19:31,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.895790] 25%|██▌       | 696/2769 [26:11<1:19:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.895790] 25%|██▌       | 696/2769 [26:14<1:19:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.828621] 25%|██▌       | 697/2769 [26:14<1:19:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.828621] 25%|██▌       | 697/2769 [26:16<1:19:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.762601] 25%|██▌       | 698/2769 [26:16<1:19:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.762601] 25%|██▌       | 698/2769 [26:18<1:19:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.689118] 25%|██▌       | 699/2769 [26:18<1:18:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.689118] 25%|██▌       | 699/2769 [26:20<1:18:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.621116] 25%|██▌       | 700/2769 [26:20<1:18:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.621116] 25%|██▌       | 700/2769 [26:23<1:18:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.550132] 25%|██▌       | 701/2769 [26:23<1:18:52,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.550132] 25%|██▌       | 701/2769 [26:25<1:18:52,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.478415] 25%|██▌       | 702/2769 [26:25<1:19:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.478415] 25%|██▌       | 702/2769 [26:27<1:19:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.404612] 25%|██▌       | 703/2769 [26:27<1:19:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.404612] 25%|██▌       | 703/2769 [26:30<1:19:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.345368] 25%|██▌       | 704/2769 [26:30<1:19:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.345368] 25%|██▌       | 704/2769 [26:32<1:19:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.281095] 25%|██▌       | 705/2769 [26:32<1:19:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.281095] 25%|██▌       | 705/2769 [26:34<1:19:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.209287] 25%|██▌       | 706/2769 [26:34<1:19:11,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.209287] 25%|██▌       | 706/2769 [26:37<1:19:11,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.148960] 26%|██▌       | 707/2769 [26:37<1:19:20,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.148960] 26%|██▌       | 707/2769 [26:39<1:19:20,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.083483] 26%|██▌       | 708/2769 [26:39<1:19:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.083483] 26%|██▌       | 708/2769 [26:41<1:19:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.007628] 26%|██▌       | 709/2769 [26:41<1:19:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=77.007628] 26%|██▌       | 709/2769 [26:44<1:19:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.930048] 26%|██▌       | 710/2769 [26:44<1:19:06,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.930048] 26%|██▌       | 710/2769 [26:46<1:19:06,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.853324] 26%|██▌       | 711/2769 [26:46<1:19:06,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.853324] 26%|██▌       | 711/2769 [26:48<1:19:06,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.788694] 26%|██▌       | 712/2769 [26:48<1:19:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.788694] 26%|██▌       | 712/2769 [26:50<1:19:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.725797] 26%|██▌       | 713/2769 [26:50<1:18:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.725797] 26%|██▌       | 713/2769 [26:53<1:18:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.664609] 26%|██▌       | 714/2769 [26:53<1:19:14,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.664609] 26%|██▌       | 714/2769 [26:55<1:19:14,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.585394] 26%|██▌       | 715/2769 [26:55<1:19:07,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.585394] 26%|██▌       | 715/2769 [26:57<1:19:07,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.520229] 26%|██▌       | 716/2769 [26:57<1:19:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.520229] 26%|██▌       | 716/2769 [27:00<1:19:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.448959] 26%|██▌       | 717/2769 [27:00<1:18:59,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.448959] 26%|██▌       | 717/2769 [27:02<1:18:59,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.374768] 26%|██▌       | 718/2769 [27:02<1:19:25,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.374768] 26%|██▌       | 718/2769 [27:04<1:19:25,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.296720] 26%|██▌       | 719/2769 [27:04<1:18:39,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.296720] 26%|██▌       | 719/2769 [27:07<1:18:39,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.214624] 26%|██▌       | 720/2769 [27:07<1:18:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.214624] 26%|██▌       | 720/2769 [27:09<1:18:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.139685] 26%|██▌       | 721/2769 [27:09<1:17:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.139685] 26%|██▌       | 721/2769 [27:11<1:17:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.076288] 26%|██▌       | 722/2769 [27:11<1:17:22,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.076288] 26%|██▌       | 722/2769 [27:13<1:17:22,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.006288] 26%|██▌       | 723/2769 [27:13<1:17:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=76.006288] 26%|██▌       | 723/2769 [27:16<1:17:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.929755] 26%|██▌       | 724/2769 [27:16<1:16:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.929755] 26%|██▌       | 724/2769 [27:18<1:16:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.867313] 26%|██▌       | 725/2769 [27:18<1:16:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.867313] 26%|██▌       | 725/2769 [27:20<1:16:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.800026] 26%|██▌       | 726/2769 [27:20<1:16:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.800026] 26%|██▌       | 726/2769 [27:22<1:16:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.740636] 26%|██▋       | 727/2769 [27:22<1:16:41,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.740636] 26%|██▋       | 727/2769 [27:25<1:16:41,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.667058] 26%|██▋       | 728/2769 [27:25<1:16:37,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.667058] 26%|██▋       | 728/2769 [27:27<1:16:37,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.590363] 26%|██▋       | 729/2769 [27:27<1:16:34,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.590363] 26%|██▋       | 729/2769 [27:29<1:16:34,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.517821] 26%|██▋       | 730/2769 [27:29<1:16:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.517821] 26%|██▋       | 730/2769 [27:31<1:16:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.468196] 26%|██▋       | 731/2769 [27:31<1:16:33,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.468196] 26%|██▋       | 731/2769 [27:34<1:16:33,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.403609] 26%|██▋       | 732/2769 [27:34<1:16:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.403609] 26%|██▋       | 732/2769 [27:36<1:16:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.338977] 26%|██▋       | 733/2769 [27:36<1:16:32,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.338977] 26%|██▋       | 733/2769 [27:38<1:16:32,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.275303] 27%|██▋       | 734/2769 [27:38<1:16:26,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.275303] 27%|██▋       | 734/2769 [27:40<1:16:26,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.212061] 27%|██▋       | 735/2769 [27:40<1:16:23,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.212061] 27%|██▋       | 735/2769 [27:43<1:16:23,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.144262] 27%|██▋       | 736/2769 [27:43<1:16:17,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.144262] 27%|██▋       | 736/2769 [27:45<1:16:17,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.092740] 27%|██▋       | 737/2769 [27:45<1:16:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.092740] 27%|██▋       | 737/2769 [27:47<1:16:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.033352] 27%|██▋       | 738/2769 [27:47<1:16:15,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=75.033352] 27%|██▋       | 738/2769 [27:49<1:16:15,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.964492] 27%|██▋       | 739/2769 [27:49<1:16:12,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.964492] 27%|██▋       | 739/2769 [27:52<1:16:12,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.888310] 27%|██▋       | 740/2769 [27:52<1:16:13,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.888310] 27%|██▋       | 740/2769 [27:54<1:16:13,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.826427] 27%|██▋       | 741/2769 [27:54<1:16:16,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.826427] 27%|██▋       | 741/2769 [27:56<1:16:16,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.756726] 27%|██▋       | 742/2769 [27:56<1:16:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.756726] 27%|██▋       | 742/2769 [27:58<1:16:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.687586] 27%|██▋       | 743/2769 [27:58<1:16:06,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.687586] 27%|██▋       | 743/2769 [28:01<1:16:06,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.615549] 27%|██▋       | 744/2769 [28:01<1:16:07,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.615549] 27%|██▋       | 744/2769 [28:03<1:16:07,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.549243] 27%|██▋       | 745/2769 [28:03<1:16:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.549243] 27%|██▋       | 745/2769 [28:05<1:16:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.486578] 27%|██▋       | 746/2769 [28:05<1:16:05,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.486578] 27%|██▋       | 746/2769 [28:07<1:16:05,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.419318] 27%|██▋       | 747/2769 [28:07<1:16:07,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.419318] 27%|██▋       | 747/2769 [28:10<1:16:07,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.369461] 27%|██▋       | 748/2769 [28:10<1:16:07,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.369461] 27%|██▋       | 748/2769 [28:12<1:16:07,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.302856] 27%|██▋       | 749/2769 [28:12<1:16:03,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.302856] 27%|██▋       | 749/2769 [28:14<1:16:03,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.249699] 27%|██▋       | 750/2769 [28:14<1:16:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.249699] 27%|██▋       | 750/2769 [28:16<1:16:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.184137] 27%|██▋       | 751/2769 [28:16<1:15:58,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.184137] 27%|██▋       | 751/2769 [28:19<1:15:58,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.119541] 27%|██▋       | 752/2769 [28:19<1:15:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.119541] 27%|██▋       | 752/2769 [28:21<1:15:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.053736] 27%|██▋       | 753/2769 [28:21<1:15:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=74.053736] 27%|██▋       | 753/2769 [28:23<1:15:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.983879] 27%|██▋       | 754/2769 [28:23<1:15:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.983879] 27%|██▋       | 754/2769 [28:25<1:15:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.919597] 27%|██▋       | 755/2769 [28:25<1:15:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.919597] 27%|██▋       | 755/2769 [28:28<1:15:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.850772] 27%|██▋       | 756/2769 [28:28<1:15:37,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.850772] 27%|██▋       | 756/2769 [28:30<1:15:37,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.780842] 27%|██▋       | 757/2769 [28:30<1:15:36,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.780842] 27%|██▋       | 757/2769 [28:32<1:15:36,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.714047] 27%|██▋       | 758/2769 [28:32<1:15:33,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.714047] 27%|██▋       | 758/2769 [28:34<1:15:33,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.666309] 27%|██▋       | 759/2769 [28:34<1:15:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.666309] 27%|██▋       | 759/2769 [28:37<1:15:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.609992] 27%|██▋       | 760/2769 [28:37<1:15:35,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.609992] 27%|██▋       | 760/2769 [28:39<1:15:35,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.545649] 27%|██▋       | 761/2769 [28:39<1:15:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.545649] 27%|██▋       | 761/2769 [28:41<1:15:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.487520] 28%|██▊       | 762/2769 [28:41<1:15:28,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.487520] 28%|██▊       | 762/2769 [28:43<1:15:28,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.433278] 28%|██▊       | 763/2769 [28:43<1:15:19,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.433278] 28%|██▊       | 763/2769 [28:46<1:15:19,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.362336] 28%|██▊       | 764/2769 [28:46<1:15:20,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.362336] 28%|██▊       | 764/2769 [28:48<1:15:20,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.303211] 28%|██▊       | 765/2769 [28:48<1:15:15,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.303211] 28%|██▊       | 765/2769 [28:50<1:15:15,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.242602] 28%|██▊       | 766/2769 [28:50<1:15:15,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.242602] 28%|██▊       | 766/2769 [28:52<1:15:15,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.187272] 28%|██▊       | 767/2769 [28:52<1:15:11,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.187272] 28%|██▊       | 767/2769 [28:55<1:15:11,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.124951] 28%|██▊       | 768/2769 [28:55<1:15:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.124951] 28%|██▊       | 768/2769 [28:57<1:15:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.062199] 28%|██▊       | 769/2769 [28:57<1:15:07,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=73.062199] 28%|██▊       | 769/2769 [28:59<1:15:07,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.994366] 28%|██▊       | 770/2769 [28:59<1:15:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.994366] 28%|██▊       | 770/2769 [29:02<1:15:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.936908] 28%|██▊       | 771/2769 [29:02<1:15:05,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.936908] 28%|██▊       | 771/2769 [29:04<1:15:05,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.878516] 28%|██▊       | 772/2769 [29:04<1:15:00,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.878516] 28%|██▊       | 772/2769 [29:06<1:15:00,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.810782] 28%|██▊       | 773/2769 [29:06<1:14:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.810782] 28%|██▊       | 773/2769 [29:08<1:14:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.745829] 28%|██▊       | 774/2769 [29:08<1:14:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.745829] 28%|██▊       | 774/2769 [29:11<1:14:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.689050] 28%|██▊       | 775/2769 [29:11<1:15:10,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.689050] 28%|██▊       | 775/2769 [29:13<1:15:10,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.619560] 28%|██▊       | 776/2769 [29:13<1:15:00,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.619560] 28%|██▊       | 776/2769 [29:15<1:15:00,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.561153] 28%|██▊       | 777/2769 [29:15<1:14:54,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.561153] 28%|██▊       | 777/2769 [29:17<1:14:54,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.493094] 28%|██▊       | 778/2769 [29:17<1:14:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.493094] 28%|██▊       | 778/2769 [29:20<1:14:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.439028] 28%|██▊       | 779/2769 [29:20<1:14:46,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.439028] 28%|██▊       | 779/2769 [29:22<1:14:46,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.377526] 28%|██▊       | 780/2769 [29:22<1:14:46,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.377526] 28%|██▊       | 780/2769 [29:24<1:14:46,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.313887] 28%|██▊       | 781/2769 [29:24<1:14:38,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.313887] 28%|██▊       | 781/2769 [29:26<1:14:38,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.260695] 28%|██▊       | 782/2769 [29:26<1:14:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.260695] 28%|██▊       | 782/2769 [29:29<1:14:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.200059] 28%|██▊       | 783/2769 [29:29<1:14:33,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.200059] 28%|██▊       | 783/2769 [29:31<1:14:33,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.137584] 28%|██▊       | 784/2769 [29:31<1:14:35,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.137584] 28%|██▊       | 784/2769 [29:33<1:14:35,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.077538] 28%|██▊       | 785/2769 [29:33<1:14:29,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.077538] 28%|██▊       | 785/2769 [29:35<1:14:29,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.009489] 28%|██▊       | 786/2769 [29:35<1:14:22,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=72.009489] 28%|██▊       | 786/2769 [29:38<1:14:22,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.943704] 28%|██▊       | 787/2769 [29:38<1:14:18,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.943704] 28%|██▊       | 787/2769 [29:40<1:14:18,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.878019] 28%|██▊       | 788/2769 [29:40<1:14:26,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.878019] 28%|██▊       | 788/2769 [29:42<1:14:26,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.810271] 28%|██▊       | 789/2769 [29:42<1:14:24,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.810271] 28%|██▊       | 789/2769 [29:44<1:14:24,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.758490] 29%|██▊       | 790/2769 [29:44<1:14:25,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.758490] 29%|██▊       | 790/2769 [29:47<1:14:25,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.709292] 29%|██▊       | 791/2769 [29:47<1:14:24,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.709292] 29%|██▊       | 791/2769 [29:49<1:14:24,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.645779] 29%|██▊       | 792/2769 [29:49<1:14:17,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.645779] 29%|██▊       | 792/2769 [29:51<1:14:17,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.579014] 29%|██▊       | 793/2769 [29:51<1:14:08,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.579014] 29%|██▊       | 793/2769 [29:53<1:14:08,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.520663] 29%|██▊       | 794/2769 [29:53<1:14:07,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.520663] 29%|██▊       | 794/2769 [29:56<1:14:07,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.457576] 29%|██▊       | 795/2769 [29:56<1:14:10,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.457576] 29%|██▊       | 795/2769 [29:58<1:14:10,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.400247] 29%|██▊       | 796/2769 [29:58<1:14:09,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.400247] 29%|██▊       | 796/2769 [30:00<1:14:09,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.335292] 29%|██▉       | 797/2769 [30:00<1:14:05,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.335292] 29%|██▉       | 797/2769 [30:02<1:14:05,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.273196] 29%|██▉       | 798/2769 [30:02<1:13:58,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.273196] 29%|██▉       | 798/2769 [30:05<1:13:58,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.218159] 29%|██▉       | 799/2769 [30:05<1:14:02,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.218159] 29%|██▉       | 799/2769 [30:07<1:14:02,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.166841] 29%|██▉       | 800/2769 [30:07<1:14:01,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.166841] 29%|██▉       | 800/2769 [30:09<1:14:01,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.110953] 29%|██▉       | 801/2769 [30:09<1:14:09,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.110953] 29%|██▉       | 801/2769 [30:11<1:14:09,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.059386] 29%|██▉       | 802/2769 [30:11<1:14:03,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=71.059386] 29%|██▉       | 802/2769 [30:14<1:14:03,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.998138] 29%|██▉       | 803/2769 [30:14<1:13:55,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.998138] 29%|██▉       | 803/2769 [30:16<1:13:55,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.934347] 29%|██▉       | 804/2769 [30:16<1:13:50,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.934347] 29%|██▉       | 804/2769 [30:18<1:13:50,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.881003] 29%|██▉       | 805/2769 [30:18<1:13:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.881003] 29%|██▉       | 805/2769 [30:20<1:13:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.825114] 29%|██▉       | 806/2769 [30:20<1:13:46,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.825114] 29%|██▉       | 806/2769 [30:23<1:13:46,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.775787] 29%|██▉       | 807/2769 [30:23<1:13:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.775787] 29%|██▉       | 807/2769 [30:25<1:13:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.723178] 29%|██▉       | 808/2769 [30:25<1:13:43,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.723178] 29%|██▉       | 808/2769 [30:27<1:13:43,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.659947] 29%|██▉       | 809/2769 [30:27<1:13:41,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.659947] 29%|██▉       | 809/2769 [30:29<1:13:41,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.605407] 29%|██▉       | 810/2769 [30:29<1:13:37,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.605407] 29%|██▉       | 810/2769 [30:32<1:13:37,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.552299] 29%|██▉       | 811/2769 [30:32<1:13:37,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.552299] 29%|██▉       | 811/2769 [30:34<1:13:37,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.494152] 29%|██▉       | 812/2769 [30:34<1:13:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.494152] 29%|██▉       | 812/2769 [30:36<1:13:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.436611] 29%|██▉       | 813/2769 [30:36<1:13:26,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.436611] 29%|██▉       | 813/2769 [30:38<1:13:26,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.382109] 29%|██▉       | 814/2769 [30:38<1:13:19,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.382109] 29%|██▉       | 814/2769 [30:41<1:13:19,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.321954] 29%|██▉       | 815/2769 [30:41<1:13:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.321954] 29%|██▉       | 815/2769 [30:43<1:13:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.259670] 29%|██▉       | 816/2769 [30:43<1:13:19,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.259670] 29%|██▉       | 816/2769 [30:45<1:13:19,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.200130] 30%|██▉       | 817/2769 [30:45<1:13:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.200130] 30%|██▉       | 817/2769 [30:47<1:13:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.149668] 30%|██▉       | 818/2769 [30:47<1:13:20,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.149668] 30%|██▉       | 818/2769 [30:50<1:13:20,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.088625] 30%|██▉       | 819/2769 [30:50<1:13:20,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.088625] 30%|██▉       | 819/2769 [30:52<1:13:20,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.029795] 30%|██▉       | 820/2769 [30:52<1:13:18,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=70.029795] 30%|██▉       | 820/2769 [30:54<1:13:18,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.982152] 30%|██▉       | 821/2769 [30:54<1:13:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.982152] 30%|██▉       | 821/2769 [30:57<1:13:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.942197] 30%|██▉       | 822/2769 [30:57<1:13:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.942197] 30%|██▉       | 822/2769 [30:59<1:13:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.886097] 30%|██▉       | 823/2769 [30:59<1:13:06,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.886097] 30%|██▉       | 823/2769 [31:01<1:13:06,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.828226] 30%|██▉       | 824/2769 [31:01<1:13:08,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.828226] 30%|██▉       | 824/2769 [31:03<1:13:08,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.774313] 30%|██▉       | 825/2769 [31:03<1:13:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.774313] 30%|██▉       | 825/2769 [31:06<1:13:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.712275] 30%|██▉       | 826/2769 [31:06<1:13:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.712275] 30%|██▉       | 826/2769 [31:08<1:13:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.659216] 30%|██▉       | 827/2769 [31:08<1:12:55,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.659216] 30%|██▉       | 827/2769 [31:10<1:12:55,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.602834] 30%|██▉       | 828/2769 [31:10<1:12:57,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.602834] 30%|██▉       | 828/2769 [31:12<1:12:57,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.553065] 30%|██▉       | 829/2769 [31:12<1:12:56,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.553065] 30%|██▉       | 829/2769 [31:15<1:12:56,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.496073] 30%|██▉       | 830/2769 [31:15<1:12:57,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.496073] 30%|██▉       | 830/2769 [31:17<1:12:57,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.454231] 30%|███       | 831/2769 [31:17<1:12:58,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.454231] 30%|███       | 831/2769 [31:19<1:12:58,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.401773] 30%|███       | 832/2769 [31:19<1:12:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.401773] 30%|███       | 832/2769 [31:21<1:12:52,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.347545] 30%|███       | 833/2769 [31:21<1:12:50,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.347545] 30%|███       | 833/2769 [31:24<1:12:50,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.287780] 30%|███       | 834/2769 [31:24<1:12:44,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.287780] 30%|███       | 834/2769 [31:26<1:12:44,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.229202] 30%|███       | 835/2769 [31:26<1:12:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.229202] 30%|███       | 835/2769 [31:28<1:12:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.178721] 30%|███       | 836/2769 [31:28<1:12:42,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.178721] 30%|███       | 836/2769 [31:30<1:12:42,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.118326] 30%|███       | 837/2769 [31:30<1:12:38,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.118326] 30%|███       | 837/2769 [31:33<1:12:38,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.071216] 30%|███       | 838/2769 [31:33<1:12:37,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.071216] 30%|███       | 838/2769 [31:35<1:12:37,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.012678] 30%|███       | 839/2769 [31:35<1:12:37,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=69.012678] 30%|███       | 839/2769 [31:37<1:12:37,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.950259] 30%|███       | 840/2769 [31:37<1:12:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.950259] 30%|███       | 840/2769 [31:39<1:12:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.903137] 30%|███       | 841/2769 [31:39<1:12:24,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.903137] 30%|███       | 841/2769 [31:42<1:12:24,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.849805] 30%|███       | 842/2769 [31:42<1:12:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.849805] 30%|███       | 842/2769 [31:44<1:12:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.801768] 30%|███       | 843/2769 [31:44<1:12:30,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.801768] 30%|███       | 843/2769 [31:46<1:12:30,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.753352] 30%|███       | 844/2769 [31:46<1:12:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.753352] 30%|███       | 844/2769 [31:48<1:12:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.696259] 31%|███       | 845/2769 [31:48<1:12:21,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.696259] 31%|███       | 845/2769 [31:51<1:12:21,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.640931] 31%|███       | 846/2769 [31:51<1:12:21,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.640931] 31%|███       | 846/2769 [31:53<1:12:21,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.586547] 31%|███       | 847/2769 [31:53<1:12:17,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.586547] 31%|███       | 847/2769 [31:55<1:12:17,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.530458] 31%|███       | 848/2769 [31:55<1:12:14,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.530458] 31%|███       | 848/2769 [31:57<1:12:14,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.478613] 31%|███       | 849/2769 [31:57<1:12:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.478613] 31%|███       | 849/2769 [32:00<1:12:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.426429] 31%|███       | 850/2769 [32:00<1:12:15,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.426429] 31%|███       | 850/2769 [32:02<1:12:15,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.372565] 31%|███       | 851/2769 [32:02<1:12:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.372565] 31%|███       | 851/2769 [32:04<1:12:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.322605] 31%|███       | 852/2769 [32:04<1:12:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.322605] 31%|███       | 852/2769 [32:06<1:12:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.261824] 31%|███       | 853/2769 [32:06<1:12:06,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.261824] 31%|███       | 853/2769 [32:09<1:12:06,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.209632] 31%|███       | 854/2769 [32:09<1:12:05,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.209632] 31%|███       | 854/2769 [32:11<1:12:05,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.156534] 31%|███       | 855/2769 [32:11<1:12:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.156534] 31%|███       | 855/2769 [32:13<1:12:04,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.101652] 31%|███       | 856/2769 [32:13<1:12:06,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.101652] 31%|███       | 856/2769 [32:16<1:12:06,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.060803] 31%|███       | 857/2769 [32:16<1:12:07,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.060803] 31%|███       | 857/2769 [32:18<1:12:07,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.012775] 31%|███       | 858/2769 [32:18<1:12:09,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=68.012775] 31%|███       | 858/2769 [32:20<1:12:09,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.966640] 31%|███       | 859/2769 [32:20<1:12:03,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.966640] 31%|███       | 859/2769 [32:22<1:12:03,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.914463] 31%|███       | 860/2769 [32:22<1:11:59,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.914463] 31%|███       | 860/2769 [32:25<1:11:59,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.864175] 31%|███       | 861/2769 [32:25<1:11:55,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.864175] 31%|███       | 861/2769 [32:27<1:11:55,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.816403] 31%|███       | 862/2769 [32:27<1:11:49,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.816403] 31%|███       | 862/2769 [32:29<1:11:49,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.769017] 31%|███       | 863/2769 [32:29<1:11:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.769017] 31%|███       | 863/2769 [32:31<1:11:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.709705] 31%|███       | 864/2769 [32:31<1:12:42,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.709705] 31%|███       | 864/2769 [32:34<1:12:42,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.661837] 31%|███       | 865/2769 [32:34<1:12:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.661837] 31%|███       | 865/2769 [32:36<1:12:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.613296] 31%|███▏      | 866/2769 [32:36<1:12:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.613296] 31%|███▏      | 866/2769 [32:38<1:12:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.560225] 31%|███▏      | 867/2769 [32:38<1:12:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.560225] 31%|███▏      | 867/2769 [32:41<1:12:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.505084] 31%|███▏      | 868/2769 [32:41<1:12:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.505084] 31%|███▏      | 868/2769 [32:43<1:12:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.451274] 31%|███▏      | 869/2769 [32:43<1:12:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.451274] 31%|███▏      | 869/2769 [32:45<1:12:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.413536] 31%|███▏      | 870/2769 [32:45<1:12:39,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.413536] 31%|███▏      | 870/2769 [32:47<1:12:39,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.359636] 31%|███▏      | 871/2769 [32:47<1:12:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.359636] 31%|███▏      | 871/2769 [32:50<1:12:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.308818] 31%|███▏      | 872/2769 [32:50<1:12:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.308818] 31%|███▏      | 872/2769 [32:52<1:12:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.259789] 32%|███▏      | 873/2769 [32:52<1:12:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.259789] 32%|███▏      | 873/2769 [32:54<1:12:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.197271] 32%|███▏      | 874/2769 [32:54<1:12:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.197271] 32%|███▏      | 874/2769 [32:57<1:12:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.147136] 32%|███▏      | 875/2769 [32:57<1:12:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.147136] 32%|███▏      | 875/2769 [32:59<1:12:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.085495] 32%|███▏      | 876/2769 [32:59<1:12:04,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.085495] 32%|███▏      | 876/2769 [33:01<1:12:04,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.042004] 32%|███▏      | 877/2769 [33:01<1:12:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=67.042004] 32%|███▏      | 877/2769 [33:04<1:12:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.988567] 32%|███▏      | 878/2769 [33:04<1:12:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.988567] 32%|███▏      | 878/2769 [33:06<1:12:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.943186] 32%|███▏      | 879/2769 [33:06<1:12:20,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.943186] 32%|███▏      | 879/2769 [33:08<1:12:20,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.900335] 32%|███▏      | 880/2769 [33:08<1:12:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.900335] 32%|███▏      | 880/2769 [33:10<1:12:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.873620] 32%|███▏      | 881/2769 [33:10<1:12:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.873620] 32%|███▏      | 881/2769 [33:13<1:12:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.827418] 32%|███▏      | 882/2769 [33:13<1:12:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.827418] 32%|███▏      | 882/2769 [33:15<1:12:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.784359] 32%|███▏      | 883/2769 [33:15<1:12:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.784359] 32%|███▏      | 883/2769 [33:17<1:12:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.735525] 32%|███▏      | 884/2769 [33:17<1:12:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.735525] 32%|███▏      | 884/2769 [33:20<1:12:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.686270] 32%|███▏      | 885/2769 [33:20<1:12:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.686270] 32%|███▏      | 885/2769 [33:22<1:12:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.634531] 32%|███▏      | 886/2769 [33:22<1:12:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.634531] 32%|███▏      | 886/2769 [33:24<1:12:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.580596] 32%|███▏      | 887/2769 [33:24<1:11:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.580596] 32%|███▏      | 887/2769 [33:26<1:11:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.529067] 32%|███▏      | 888/2769 [33:26<1:11:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.529067] 32%|███▏      | 888/2769 [33:29<1:11:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.480465] 32%|███▏      | 889/2769 [33:29<1:11:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.480465] 32%|███▏      | 889/2769 [33:31<1:11:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.423841] 32%|███▏      | 890/2769 [33:31<1:11:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.423841] 32%|███▏      | 890/2769 [33:33<1:11:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.371561] 32%|███▏      | 891/2769 [33:33<1:11:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.371561] 32%|███▏      | 891/2769 [33:36<1:11:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.322737] 32%|███▏      | 892/2769 [33:36<1:11:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.322737] 32%|███▏      | 892/2769 [33:38<1:11:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.267024] 32%|███▏      | 893/2769 [33:38<1:11:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.267024] 32%|███▏      | 893/2769 [33:40<1:11:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.223307] 32%|███▏      | 894/2769 [33:40<1:12:00,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.223307] 32%|███▏      | 894/2769 [33:43<1:12:00,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.169196] 32%|███▏      | 895/2769 [33:43<1:12:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.169196] 32%|███▏      | 895/2769 [33:45<1:12:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.119540] 32%|███▏      | 896/2769 [33:45<1:12:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.119540] 32%|███▏      | 896/2769 [33:47<1:12:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.059686] 32%|███▏      | 897/2769 [33:47<1:12:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.059686] 32%|███▏      | 897/2769 [33:50<1:12:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.008307] 32%|███▏      | 898/2769 [33:50<1:12:09,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=66.008307] 32%|███▏      | 898/2769 [33:52<1:12:09,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.961515] 32%|███▏      | 899/2769 [33:52<1:12:11,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.961515] 32%|███▏      | 899/2769 [33:54<1:12:11,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.915202] 33%|███▎      | 900/2769 [33:54<1:12:09,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.915202] 33%|███▎      | 900/2769 [33:57<1:12:09,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.868389] 33%|███▎      | 901/2769 [33:57<1:12:10,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.868389] 33%|███▎      | 901/2769 [33:59<1:12:10,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.820614] 33%|███▎      | 902/2769 [33:59<1:12:04,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.820614] 33%|███▎      | 902/2769 [34:01<1:12:04,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.771265] 33%|███▎      | 903/2769 [34:01<1:11:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.771265] 33%|███▎      | 903/2769 [34:03<1:11:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.715278] 33%|███▎      | 904/2769 [34:03<1:11:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.715278] 33%|███▎      | 904/2769 [34:06<1:11:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.663249] 33%|███▎      | 905/2769 [34:06<1:11:55,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.663249] 33%|███▎      | 905/2769 [34:08<1:11:55,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.621067] 33%|███▎      | 906/2769 [34:08<1:11:54,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.621067] 33%|███▎      | 906/2769 [34:10<1:11:54,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.567193] 33%|███▎      | 907/2769 [34:10<1:11:49,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.567193] 33%|███▎      | 907/2769 [34:13<1:11:49,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.518174] 33%|███▎      | 908/2769 [34:13<1:11:47,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.518174] 33%|███▎      | 908/2769 [34:15<1:11:47,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.477567] 33%|███▎      | 909/2769 [34:15<1:11:59,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.477567] 33%|███▎      | 909/2769 [34:17<1:11:59,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.421542] 33%|███▎      | 910/2769 [34:17<1:11:48,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.421542] 33%|███▎      | 910/2769 [34:20<1:11:48,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.372037] 33%|███▎      | 911/2769 [34:20<1:11:39,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.372037] 33%|███▎      | 911/2769 [34:22<1:11:39,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.321713] 33%|███▎      | 912/2769 [34:22<1:11:22,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.321713] 33%|███▎      | 912/2769 [34:24<1:11:22,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.275551] 33%|███▎      | 913/2769 [34:24<1:11:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.275551] 33%|███▎      | 913/2769 [34:27<1:11:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.227865] 33%|███▎      | 914/2769 [34:27<1:11:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.227865] 33%|███▎      | 914/2769 [34:29<1:11:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.180410] 33%|███▎      | 915/2769 [34:29<1:11:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.180410] 33%|███▎      | 915/2769 [34:31<1:11:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.132109] 33%|███▎      | 916/2769 [34:31<1:11:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.132109] 33%|███▎      | 916/2769 [34:33<1:11:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.079618] 33%|███▎      | 917/2769 [34:33<1:11:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.079618] 33%|███▎      | 917/2769 [34:36<1:11:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.033357] 33%|███▎      | 918/2769 [34:36<1:11:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=65.033357] 33%|███▎      | 918/2769 [34:38<1:11:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.985971] 33%|███▎      | 919/2769 [34:38<1:11:16,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.985971] 33%|███▎      | 919/2769 [34:40<1:11:16,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.939454] 33%|███▎      | 920/2769 [34:40<1:11:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.939454] 33%|███▎      | 920/2769 [34:43<1:11:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.888521] 33%|███▎      | 921/2769 [34:43<1:11:11,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.888521] 33%|███▎      | 921/2769 [34:45<1:11:11,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.851896] 33%|███▎      | 922/2769 [34:45<1:11:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.851896] 33%|███▎      | 922/2769 [34:47<1:11:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.816158] 33%|███▎      | 923/2769 [34:47<1:11:20,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.816158] 33%|███▎      | 923/2769 [34:50<1:11:20,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.764744] 33%|███▎      | 924/2769 [34:50<1:11:12,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.764744] 33%|███▎      | 924/2769 [34:52<1:11:12,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.716634] 33%|███▎      | 925/2769 [34:52<1:11:07,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.716634] 33%|███▎      | 925/2769 [34:54<1:11:07,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.672160] 33%|███▎      | 926/2769 [34:54<1:11:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.672160] 33%|███▎      | 926/2769 [34:57<1:11:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.627598] 33%|███▎      | 927/2769 [34:57<1:11:05,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.627598] 33%|███▎      | 927/2769 [34:59<1:11:05,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.575709] 34%|███▎      | 928/2769 [34:59<1:10:59,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.575709] 34%|███▎      | 928/2769 [35:01<1:10:59,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.524894] 34%|███▎      | 929/2769 [35:01<1:10:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.524894] 34%|███▎      | 929/2769 [35:04<1:10:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.485867] 34%|███▎      | 930/2769 [35:04<1:10:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.485867] 34%|███▎      | 930/2769 [35:06<1:10:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.440163] 34%|███▎      | 931/2769 [35:06<1:10:59,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.440163] 34%|███▎      | 931/2769 [35:08<1:10:59,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.389750] 34%|███▎      | 932/2769 [35:08<1:10:55,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.389750] 34%|███▎      | 932/2769 [35:11<1:10:55,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.341219] 34%|███▎      | 933/2769 [35:11<1:11:00,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.341219] 34%|███▎      | 933/2769 [35:13<1:11:00,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.297621] 34%|███▎      | 934/2769 [35:13<1:10:53,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.297621] 34%|███▎      | 934/2769 [35:15<1:10:53,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.248057] 34%|███▍      | 935/2769 [35:15<1:10:47,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.248057] 34%|███▍      | 935/2769 [35:18<1:10:47,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.204611] 34%|███▍      | 936/2769 [35:18<1:10:59,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.204611] 34%|███▍      | 936/2769 [35:20<1:10:59,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.165373] 34%|███▍      | 937/2769 [35:20<1:10:46,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.165373] 34%|███▍      | 937/2769 [35:22<1:10:46,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.127075] 34%|███▍      | 938/2769 [35:22<1:10:29,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.127075] 34%|███▍      | 938/2769 [35:24<1:10:29,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.073117] 34%|███▍      | 939/2769 [35:24<1:10:30,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.073117] 34%|███▍      | 939/2769 [35:27<1:10:30,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.024372] 34%|███▍      | 940/2769 [35:27<1:10:29,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=64.024372] 34%|███▍      | 940/2769 [35:29<1:10:29,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.988007] 34%|███▍      | 941/2769 [35:29<1:10:21,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.988007] 34%|███▍      | 941/2769 [35:31<1:10:21,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.938498] 34%|███▍      | 942/2769 [35:31<1:10:09,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.938498] 34%|███▍      | 942/2769 [35:34<1:10:09,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.886432] 34%|███▍      | 943/2769 [35:34<1:09:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.886432] 34%|███▍      | 943/2769 [35:36<1:09:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.840225] 34%|███▍      | 944/2769 [35:36<1:10:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.840225] 34%|███▍      | 944/2769 [35:38<1:10:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.785819] 34%|███▍      | 945/2769 [35:38<1:09:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.785819] 34%|███▍      | 945/2769 [35:41<1:09:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.737884] 34%|███▍      | 946/2769 [35:41<1:10:02,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.737884] 34%|███▍      | 946/2769 [35:43<1:10:02,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.696634] 34%|███▍      | 947/2769 [35:43<1:10:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.696634] 34%|███▍      | 947/2769 [35:45<1:10:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.646999] 34%|███▍      | 948/2769 [35:45<1:10:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.646999] 34%|███▍      | 948/2769 [35:47<1:10:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.593471] 34%|███▍      | 949/2769 [35:47<1:10:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.593471] 34%|███▍      | 949/2769 [35:50<1:10:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.544436] 34%|███▍      | 950/2769 [35:50<1:10:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.544436] 34%|███▍      | 950/2769 [35:52<1:10:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.501379] 34%|███▍      | 951/2769 [35:52<1:09:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.501379] 34%|███▍      | 951/2769 [35:54<1:09:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.458875] 34%|███▍      | 952/2769 [35:54<1:09:46,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.458875] 34%|███▍      | 952/2769 [35:57<1:09:46,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.412128] 34%|███▍      | 953/2769 [35:57<1:09:42,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.412128] 34%|███▍      | 953/2769 [35:59<1:09:42,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.372148] 34%|███▍      | 954/2769 [35:59<1:09:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.372148] 34%|███▍      | 954/2769 [36:01<1:09:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.328730] 34%|███▍      | 955/2769 [36:01<1:09:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.328730] 34%|███▍      | 955/2769 [36:04<1:09:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.292451] 35%|███▍      | 956/2769 [36:04<1:09:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.292451] 35%|███▍      | 956/2769 [36:06<1:09:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.244059] 35%|███▍      | 957/2769 [36:06<1:09:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.244059] 35%|███▍      | 957/2769 [36:08<1:09:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.199265] 35%|███▍      | 958/2769 [36:08<1:09:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.199265] 35%|███▍      | 958/2769 [36:10<1:09:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.155989] 35%|███▍      | 959/2769 [36:10<1:09:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.155989] 35%|███▍      | 959/2769 [36:13<1:09:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.117859] 35%|███▍      | 960/2769 [36:13<1:09:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.117859] 35%|███▍      | 960/2769 [36:15<1:09:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.078870] 35%|███▍      | 961/2769 [36:15<1:09:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.078870] 35%|███▍      | 961/2769 [36:17<1:09:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.041371] 35%|███▍      | 962/2769 [36:17<1:09:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=63.041371] 35%|███▍      | 962/2769 [36:20<1:09:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.992919] 35%|███▍      | 963/2769 [36:20<1:09:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.992919] 35%|███▍      | 963/2769 [36:22<1:09:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.951542] 35%|███▍      | 964/2769 [36:22<1:09:21,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.951542] 35%|███▍      | 964/2769 [36:24<1:09:21,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.903582] 35%|███▍      | 965/2769 [36:24<1:09:11,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.903582] 35%|███▍      | 965/2769 [36:27<1:09:11,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.854526] 35%|███▍      | 966/2769 [36:27<1:09:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.854526] 35%|███▍      | 966/2769 [36:29<1:09:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.805751] 35%|███▍      | 967/2769 [36:29<1:08:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.805751] 35%|███▍      | 967/2769 [36:31<1:08:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.758631] 35%|███▍      | 968/2769 [36:31<1:08:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.758631] 35%|███▍      | 968/2769 [36:33<1:08:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.704726] 35%|███▍      | 969/2769 [36:33<1:08:42,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.704726] 35%|███▍      | 969/2769 [36:36<1:08:42,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.657082] 35%|███▌      | 970/2769 [36:36<1:08:45,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.657082] 35%|███▌      | 970/2769 [36:38<1:08:45,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.607672] 35%|███▌      | 971/2769 [36:38<1:08:41,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.607672] 35%|███▌      | 971/2769 [36:40<1:08:41,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.566902] 35%|███▌      | 972/2769 [36:40<1:08:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.566902] 35%|███▌      | 972/2769 [36:43<1:08:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.521681] 35%|███▌      | 973/2769 [36:43<1:08:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.521681] 35%|███▌      | 973/2769 [36:45<1:08:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.479804] 35%|███▌      | 974/2769 [36:45<1:08:37,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.479804] 35%|███▌      | 974/2769 [36:47<1:08:37,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.432434] 35%|███▌      | 975/2769 [36:47<1:08:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.432434] 35%|███▌      | 975/2769 [36:49<1:08:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.391532] 35%|███▌      | 976/2769 [36:49<1:08:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.391532] 35%|███▌      | 976/2769 [36:52<1:08:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.349309] 35%|███▌      | 977/2769 [36:52<1:08:29,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.349309] 35%|███▌      | 977/2769 [36:54<1:08:29,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.306049] 35%|███▌      | 978/2769 [36:54<1:08:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.306049] 35%|███▌      | 978/2769 [36:56<1:08:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.257229] 35%|███▌      | 979/2769 [36:56<1:08:20,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.257229] 35%|███▌      | 979/2769 [36:59<1:08:20,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.216641] 35%|███▌      | 980/2769 [36:59<1:08:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.216641] 35%|███▌      | 980/2769 [37:01<1:08:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.176799] 35%|███▌      | 981/2769 [37:01<1:08:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.176799] 35%|███▌      | 981/2769 [37:03<1:08:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.128916] 35%|███▌      | 982/2769 [37:03<1:08:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.128916] 35%|███▌      | 982/2769 [37:05<1:08:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.081840] 36%|███▌      | 983/2769 [37:05<1:08:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.081840] 36%|███▌      | 983/2769 [37:08<1:08:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.033876] 36%|███▌      | 984/2769 [37:08<1:08:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=62.033876] 36%|███▌      | 984/2769 [37:10<1:08:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.996213] 36%|███▌      | 985/2769 [37:10<1:08:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.996213] 36%|███▌      | 985/2769 [37:12<1:08:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.951940] 36%|███▌      | 986/2769 [37:12<1:08:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.951940] 36%|███▌      | 986/2769 [37:15<1:08:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.913020] 36%|███▌      | 987/2769 [37:15<1:08:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.913020] 36%|███▌      | 987/2769 [37:17<1:08:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.868972] 36%|███▌      | 988/2769 [37:17<1:07:57,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.868972] 36%|███▌      | 988/2769 [37:19<1:07:57,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.825004] 36%|███▌      | 989/2769 [37:19<1:07:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.825004] 36%|███▌      | 989/2769 [37:22<1:07:50,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.788681] 36%|███▌      | 990/2769 [37:22<1:08:06,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.788681] 36%|███▌      | 990/2769 [37:24<1:08:06,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.743534] 36%|███▌      | 991/2769 [37:24<1:07:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.743534] 36%|███▌      | 991/2769 [37:26<1:07:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.702668] 36%|███▌      | 992/2769 [37:26<1:07:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.702668] 36%|███▌      | 992/2769 [37:28<1:07:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.653579] 36%|███▌      | 993/2769 [37:28<1:07:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.653579] 36%|███▌      | 993/2769 [37:31<1:07:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.617061] 36%|███▌      | 994/2769 [37:31<1:07:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.617061] 36%|███▌      | 994/2769 [37:33<1:07:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.571521] 36%|███▌      | 995/2769 [37:33<1:07:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.571521] 36%|███▌      | 995/2769 [37:35<1:07:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.533077] 36%|███▌      | 996/2769 [37:35<1:07:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.533077] 36%|███▌      | 996/2769 [37:38<1:07:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.490243] 36%|███▌      | 997/2769 [37:38<1:07:47,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.490243] 36%|███▌      | 997/2769 [37:40<1:07:47,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.449717] 36%|███▌      | 998/2769 [37:40<1:07:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.449717] 36%|███▌      | 998/2769 [37:42<1:07:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.412339] 36%|███▌      | 999/2769 [37:42<1:07:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.412339] 36%|███▌      | 999/2769 [37:44<1:07:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.373116] 36%|███▌      | 1000/2769 [37:44<1:07:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.373116] 36%|███▌      | 1000/2769 [37:47<1:07:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.329377] 36%|███▌      | 1001/2769 [37:47<1:07:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.329377] 36%|███▌      | 1001/2769 [37:49<1:07:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.287704] 36%|███▌      | 1002/2769 [37:49<1:07:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.287704] 36%|███▌      | 1002/2769 [37:51<1:07:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.244730] 36%|███▌      | 1003/2769 [37:51<1:07:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.244730] 36%|███▌      | 1003/2769 [37:54<1:07:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.197281] 36%|███▋      | 1004/2769 [37:54<1:07:19,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.197281] 36%|███▋      | 1004/2769 [37:56<1:07:19,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.155909] 36%|███▋      | 1005/2769 [37:56<1:07:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.155909] 36%|███▋      | 1005/2769 [37:58<1:07:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.118977] 36%|███▋      | 1006/2769 [37:58<1:07:20,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.118977] 36%|███▋      | 1006/2769 [38:01<1:07:20,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.074682] 36%|███▋      | 1007/2769 [38:01<1:07:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.074682] 36%|███▋      | 1007/2769 [38:03<1:07:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.035479] 36%|███▋      | 1008/2769 [38:03<1:07:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=61.035479] 36%|███▋      | 1008/2769 [38:05<1:07:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.991521] 36%|███▋      | 1009/2769 [38:05<1:07:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.991521] 36%|███▋      | 1009/2769 [38:07<1:07:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.942312] 36%|███▋      | 1010/2769 [38:07<1:07:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.942312] 36%|███▋      | 1010/2769 [38:10<1:07:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.907659] 37%|███▋      | 1011/2769 [38:10<1:07:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.907659] 37%|███▋      | 1011/2769 [38:12<1:07:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.870146] 37%|███▋      | 1012/2769 [38:12<1:07:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.870146] 37%|███▋      | 1012/2769 [38:14<1:07:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.826499] 37%|███▋      | 1013/2769 [38:14<1:07:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.826499] 37%|███▋      | 1013/2769 [38:17<1:07:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.789259] 37%|███▋      | 1014/2769 [38:17<1:07:10,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.789259] 37%|███▋      | 1014/2769 [38:19<1:07:10,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.748460] 37%|███▋      | 1015/2769 [38:19<1:07:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.748460] 37%|███▋      | 1015/2769 [38:21<1:07:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.704635] 37%|███▋      | 1016/2769 [38:21<1:07:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.704635] 37%|███▋      | 1016/2769 [38:23<1:07:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.662118] 37%|███▋      | 1017/2769 [38:23<1:07:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.662118] 37%|███▋      | 1017/2769 [38:26<1:07:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.619540] 37%|███▋      | 1018/2769 [38:26<1:07:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.619540] 37%|███▋      | 1018/2769 [38:28<1:07:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.575973] 37%|███▋      | 1019/2769 [38:28<1:07:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.575973] 37%|███▋      | 1019/2769 [38:30<1:07:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.534649] 37%|███▋      | 1020/2769 [38:30<1:06:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.534649] 37%|███▋      | 1020/2769 [38:33<1:06:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.492449] 37%|███▋      | 1021/2769 [38:33<1:06:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.492449] 37%|███▋      | 1021/2769 [38:35<1:06:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.450295] 37%|███▋      | 1022/2769 [38:35<1:06:50,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.450295] 37%|███▋      | 1022/2769 [38:37<1:06:50,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.412070] 37%|███▋      | 1023/2769 [38:37<1:06:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.412070] 37%|███▋      | 1023/2769 [38:40<1:06:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.372063] 37%|███▋      | 1024/2769 [38:40<1:06:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.372063] 37%|███▋      | 1024/2769 [38:42<1:06:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.326655] 37%|███▋      | 1025/2769 [38:42<1:06:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.326655] 37%|███▋      | 1025/2769 [38:44<1:06:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.288517] 37%|███▋      | 1026/2769 [38:44<1:06:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.288517] 37%|███▋      | 1026/2769 [38:46<1:06:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.244046] 37%|███▋      | 1027/2769 [38:46<1:06:57,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.244046] 37%|███▋      | 1027/2769 [38:49<1:06:57,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.202309] 37%|███▋      | 1028/2769 [38:49<1:06:55,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.202309] 37%|███▋      | 1028/2769 [38:51<1:06:55,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.160459] 37%|███▋      | 1029/2769 [38:51<1:06:48,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.160459] 37%|███▋      | 1029/2769 [38:53<1:06:48,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.118942] 37%|███▋      | 1030/2769 [38:53<1:06:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.118942] 37%|███▋      | 1030/2769 [38:56<1:06:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.081934] 37%|███▋      | 1031/2769 [38:56<1:06:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.081934] 37%|███▋      | 1031/2769 [38:58<1:06:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.044918] 37%|███▋      | 1032/2769 [38:58<1:06:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.044918] 37%|███▋      | 1032/2769 [39:00<1:06:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.006158] 37%|███▋      | 1033/2769 [39:00<1:06:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=60.006158] 37%|███▋      | 1033/2769 [39:03<1:06:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.962109] 37%|███▋      | 1034/2769 [39:03<1:06:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.962109] 37%|███▋      | 1034/2769 [39:05<1:06:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.923832] 37%|███▋      | 1035/2769 [39:05<1:06:37,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.923832] 37%|███▋      | 1035/2769 [39:07<1:06:37,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.884213] 37%|███▋      | 1036/2769 [39:07<1:06:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.884213] 37%|███▋      | 1036/2769 [39:09<1:06:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.853513] 37%|███▋      | 1037/2769 [39:09<1:06:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.853513] 37%|███▋      | 1037/2769 [39:12<1:06:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.813800] 37%|███▋      | 1038/2769 [39:12<1:06:21,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.813800] 37%|███▋      | 1038/2769 [39:14<1:06:21,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.776801] 38%|███▊      | 1039/2769 [39:14<1:06:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.776801] 38%|███▊      | 1039/2769 [39:16<1:06:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.729589] 38%|███▊      | 1040/2769 [39:16<1:06:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.729589] 38%|███▊      | 1040/2769 [39:19<1:06:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.694504] 38%|███▊      | 1041/2769 [39:19<1:06:06,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.694504] 38%|███▊      | 1041/2769 [39:21<1:06:06,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.656626] 38%|███▊      | 1042/2769 [39:21<1:06:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.656626] 38%|███▊      | 1042/2769 [39:23<1:06:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.614254] 38%|███▊      | 1043/2769 [39:23<1:06:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.614254] 38%|███▊      | 1043/2769 [39:26<1:06:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.576722] 38%|███▊      | 1044/2769 [39:26<1:06:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.576722] 38%|███▊      | 1044/2769 [39:28<1:06:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.532412] 38%|███▊      | 1045/2769 [39:28<1:06:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.532412] 38%|███▊      | 1045/2769 [39:30<1:06:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.495118] 38%|███▊      | 1046/2769 [39:30<1:06:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.495118] 38%|███▊      | 1046/2769 [39:32<1:06:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.450770] 38%|███▊      | 1047/2769 [39:32<1:05:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.450770] 38%|███▊      | 1047/2769 [39:35<1:05:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.414236] 38%|███▊      | 1048/2769 [39:35<1:05:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.414236] 38%|███▊      | 1048/2769 [39:37<1:05:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.375576] 38%|███▊      | 1049/2769 [39:37<1:06:00,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.375576] 38%|███▊      | 1049/2769 [39:39<1:06:00,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.336244] 38%|███▊      | 1050/2769 [39:39<1:06:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.336244] 38%|███▊      | 1050/2769 [39:42<1:06:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.293378] 38%|███▊      | 1051/2769 [39:42<1:06:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.293378] 38%|███▊      | 1051/2769 [39:44<1:06:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.257840] 38%|███▊      | 1052/2769 [39:44<1:06:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.257840] 38%|███▊      | 1052/2769 [39:46<1:06:03,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.215004] 38%|███▊      | 1053/2769 [39:46<1:05:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.215004] 38%|███▊      | 1053/2769 [39:49<1:05:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.181951] 38%|███▊      | 1054/2769 [39:49<1:05:54,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.181951] 38%|███▊      | 1054/2769 [39:51<1:05:54,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.145958] 38%|███▊      | 1055/2769 [39:51<1:05:55,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.145958] 38%|███▊      | 1055/2769 [39:53<1:05:55,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.108474] 38%|███▊      | 1056/2769 [39:53<1:05:44,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.108474] 38%|███▊      | 1056/2769 [39:56<1:05:44,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.070968] 38%|███▊      | 1057/2769 [39:56<1:05:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.070968] 38%|███▊      | 1057/2769 [39:58<1:05:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.032246] 38%|███▊      | 1058/2769 [39:58<1:05:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=59.032246] 38%|███▊      | 1058/2769 [40:00<1:05:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.994635] 38%|███▊      | 1059/2769 [40:00<1:05:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.994635] 38%|███▊      | 1059/2769 [40:02<1:05:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.951601] 38%|███▊      | 1060/2769 [40:02<1:05:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.951601] 38%|███▊      | 1060/2769 [40:05<1:05:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.905998] 38%|███▊      | 1061/2769 [40:05<1:05:20,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.905998] 38%|███▊      | 1061/2769 [40:07<1:05:20,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.867564] 38%|███▊      | 1062/2769 [40:07<1:05:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.867564] 38%|███▊      | 1062/2769 [40:09<1:05:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.829347] 38%|███▊      | 1063/2769 [40:09<1:05:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.829347] 38%|███▊      | 1063/2769 [40:12<1:05:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.787104] 38%|███▊      | 1064/2769 [40:12<1:05:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.787104] 38%|███▊      | 1064/2769 [40:14<1:05:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.746897] 38%|███▊      | 1065/2769 [40:14<1:05:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.746897] 38%|███▊      | 1065/2769 [40:16<1:05:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.708381] 38%|███▊      | 1066/2769 [40:16<1:05:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.708381] 38%|███▊      | 1066/2769 [40:18<1:05:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.662926] 39%|███▊      | 1067/2769 [40:18<1:04:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.662926] 39%|███▊      | 1067/2769 [40:21<1:04:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.621837] 39%|███▊      | 1068/2769 [40:21<1:05:02,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.621837] 39%|███▊      | 1068/2769 [40:23<1:05:02,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.592161] 39%|███▊      | 1069/2769 [40:23<1:04:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.592161] 39%|███▊      | 1069/2769 [40:25<1:04:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.554722] 39%|███▊      | 1070/2769 [40:25<1:05:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.554722] 39%|███▊      | 1070/2769 [40:28<1:05:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.513742] 39%|███▊      | 1071/2769 [40:28<1:04:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.513742] 39%|███▊      | 1071/2769 [40:30<1:04:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.482098] 39%|███▊      | 1072/2769 [40:30<1:04:52,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.482098] 39%|███▊      | 1072/2769 [40:32<1:04:52,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.447127] 39%|███▉      | 1073/2769 [40:32<1:04:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.447127] 39%|███▉      | 1073/2769 [40:34<1:04:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.409145] 39%|███▉      | 1074/2769 [40:34<1:04:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.409145] 39%|███▉      | 1074/2769 [40:37<1:04:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.369043] 39%|███▉      | 1075/2769 [40:37<1:04:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.369043] 39%|███▉      | 1075/2769 [40:39<1:04:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.328983] 39%|███▉      | 1076/2769 [40:39<1:04:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.328983] 39%|███▉      | 1076/2769 [40:41<1:04:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.289982] 39%|███▉      | 1077/2769 [40:41<1:04:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.289982] 39%|███▉      | 1077/2769 [40:44<1:04:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.251386] 39%|███▉      | 1078/2769 [40:44<1:04:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.251386] 39%|███▉      | 1078/2769 [40:46<1:04:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.211306] 39%|███▉      | 1079/2769 [40:46<1:04:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.211306] 39%|███▉      | 1079/2769 [40:48<1:04:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.171916] 39%|███▉      | 1080/2769 [40:48<1:04:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.171916] 39%|███▉      | 1080/2769 [40:50<1:04:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.129957] 39%|███▉      | 1081/2769 [40:50<1:04:19,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.129957] 39%|███▉      | 1081/2769 [40:53<1:04:19,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.091624] 39%|███▉      | 1082/2769 [40:53<1:04:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.091624] 39%|███▉      | 1082/2769 [40:55<1:04:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.055673] 39%|███▉      | 1083/2769 [40:55<1:04:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.055673] 39%|███▉      | 1083/2769 [40:57<1:04:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.016945] 39%|███▉      | 1084/2769 [40:57<1:04:06,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=58.016945] 39%|███▉      | 1084/2769 [41:00<1:04:06,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.979028] 39%|███▉      | 1085/2769 [41:00<1:04:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.979028] 39%|███▉      | 1085/2769 [41:02<1:04:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.936801] 39%|███▉      | 1086/2769 [41:02<1:04:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.936801] 39%|███▉      | 1086/2769 [41:04<1:04:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.900645] 39%|███▉      | 1087/2769 [41:04<1:04:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.900645] 39%|███▉      | 1087/2769 [41:06<1:04:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.865667] 39%|███▉      | 1088/2769 [41:06<1:04:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.865667] 39%|███▉      | 1088/2769 [41:09<1:04:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.823691] 39%|███▉      | 1089/2769 [41:09<1:03:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.823691] 39%|███▉      | 1089/2769 [41:11<1:03:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.786937] 39%|███▉      | 1090/2769 [41:11<1:03:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.786937] 39%|███▉      | 1090/2769 [41:13<1:03:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.743904] 39%|███▉      | 1091/2769 [41:13<1:03:57,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.743904] 39%|███▉      | 1091/2769 [41:16<1:03:57,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.707225] 39%|███▉      | 1092/2769 [41:16<1:04:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.707225] 39%|███▉      | 1092/2769 [41:18<1:04:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.668419] 39%|███▉      | 1093/2769 [41:18<1:04:10,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.668419] 39%|███▉      | 1093/2769 [41:20<1:04:10,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.634382] 40%|███▉      | 1094/2769 [41:20<1:04:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.634382] 40%|███▉      | 1094/2769 [41:23<1:04:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.597043] 40%|███▉      | 1095/2769 [41:23<1:04:18,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.597043] 40%|███▉      | 1095/2769 [41:25<1:04:18,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.561011] 40%|███▉      | 1096/2769 [41:25<1:04:19,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.561011] 40%|███▉      | 1096/2769 [41:27<1:04:19,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.523086] 40%|███▉      | 1097/2769 [41:27<1:04:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.523086] 40%|███▉      | 1097/2769 [41:29<1:04:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.482612] 40%|███▉      | 1098/2769 [41:30<1:04:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.482612] 40%|███▉      | 1098/2769 [41:32<1:04:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.449293] 40%|███▉      | 1099/2769 [41:32<1:04:12,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.449293] 40%|███▉      | 1099/2769 [41:34<1:04:12,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.417105] 40%|███▉      | 1100/2769 [41:34<1:04:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.417105] 40%|███▉      | 1100/2769 [41:36<1:04:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.375834] 40%|███▉      | 1101/2769 [41:36<1:04:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.375834] 40%|███▉      | 1101/2769 [41:39<1:04:03,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.335790] 40%|███▉      | 1102/2769 [41:39<1:03:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.335790] 40%|███▉      | 1102/2769 [41:41<1:03:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.297715] 40%|███▉      | 1103/2769 [41:41<1:03:59,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.297715] 40%|███▉      | 1103/2769 [41:43<1:03:59,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.264640] 40%|███▉      | 1104/2769 [41:43<1:03:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.264640] 40%|███▉      | 1104/2769 [41:46<1:03:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.222413] 40%|███▉      | 1105/2769 [41:46<1:03:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.222413] 40%|███▉      | 1105/2769 [41:48<1:03:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.189806] 40%|███▉      | 1106/2769 [41:48<1:03:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.189806] 40%|███▉      | 1106/2769 [41:50<1:03:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.162058] 40%|███▉      | 1107/2769 [41:50<1:03:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.162058] 40%|███▉      | 1107/2769 [41:53<1:03:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.128853] 40%|████      | 1108/2769 [41:53<1:03:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.128853] 40%|████      | 1108/2769 [41:55<1:03:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.091374] 40%|████      | 1109/2769 [41:55<1:03:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.091374] 40%|████      | 1109/2769 [41:57<1:03:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.051741] 40%|████      | 1110/2769 [41:57<1:03:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.051741] 40%|████      | 1110/2769 [41:59<1:03:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.010085] 40%|████      | 1111/2769 [41:59<1:03:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=57.010085] 40%|████      | 1111/2769 [42:02<1:03:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.976696] 40%|████      | 1112/2769 [42:02<1:03:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.976696] 40%|████      | 1112/2769 [42:04<1:03:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.940864] 40%|████      | 1113/2769 [42:04<1:03:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.940864] 40%|████      | 1113/2769 [42:06<1:03:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.904436] 40%|████      | 1114/2769 [42:06<1:03:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.904436] 40%|████      | 1114/2769 [42:09<1:03:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.865760] 40%|████      | 1115/2769 [42:09<1:03:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.865760] 40%|████      | 1115/2769 [42:11<1:03:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.834702] 40%|████      | 1116/2769 [42:11<1:03:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.834702] 40%|████      | 1116/2769 [42:13<1:03:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.799324] 40%|████      | 1117/2769 [42:13<1:03:21,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.799324] 40%|████      | 1117/2769 [42:15<1:03:21,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.769419] 40%|████      | 1118/2769 [42:15<1:03:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.769419] 40%|████      | 1118/2769 [42:18<1:03:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.732558] 40%|████      | 1119/2769 [42:18<1:03:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.732558] 40%|████      | 1119/2769 [42:20<1:03:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.698986] 40%|████      | 1120/2769 [42:20<1:03:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.698986] 40%|████      | 1120/2769 [42:22<1:03:03,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.660627] 40%|████      | 1121/2769 [42:22<1:02:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.660627] 40%|████      | 1121/2769 [42:25<1:02:56,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.627379] 41%|████      | 1122/2769 [42:25<1:02:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.627379] 41%|████      | 1122/2769 [42:27<1:02:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.599363] 41%|████      | 1123/2769 [42:27<1:03:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.599363] 41%|████      | 1123/2769 [42:29<1:03:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.564804] 41%|████      | 1124/2769 [42:29<1:02:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.564804] 41%|████      | 1124/2769 [42:32<1:02:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.533990] 41%|████      | 1125/2769 [42:32<1:02:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.533990] 41%|████      | 1125/2769 [42:34<1:02:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.497804] 41%|████      | 1126/2769 [42:34<1:02:52,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.497804] 41%|████      | 1126/2769 [42:36<1:02:52,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.458421] 41%|████      | 1127/2769 [42:36<1:02:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.458421] 41%|████      | 1127/2769 [42:38<1:02:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.428977] 41%|████      | 1128/2769 [42:38<1:02:52,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.428977] 41%|████      | 1128/2769 [42:41<1:02:52,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.395269] 41%|████      | 1129/2769 [42:41<1:02:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.395269] 41%|████      | 1129/2769 [42:43<1:02:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.358335] 41%|████      | 1130/2769 [42:43<1:02:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.358335] 41%|████      | 1130/2769 [42:45<1:02:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.324396] 41%|████      | 1131/2769 [42:45<1:02:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.324396] 41%|████      | 1131/2769 [42:48<1:02:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.292829] 41%|████      | 1132/2769 [42:48<1:02:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.292829] 41%|████      | 1132/2769 [42:50<1:02:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.255423] 41%|████      | 1133/2769 [42:50<1:02:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.255423] 41%|████      | 1133/2769 [42:52<1:02:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.229100] 41%|████      | 1134/2769 [42:52<1:02:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.229100] 41%|████      | 1134/2769 [42:55<1:02:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.192974] 41%|████      | 1135/2769 [42:55<1:02:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.192974] 41%|████      | 1135/2769 [42:57<1:02:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.154220] 41%|████      | 1136/2769 [42:57<1:02:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.154220] 41%|████      | 1136/2769 [42:59<1:02:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.123287] 41%|████      | 1137/2769 [42:59<1:02:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.123287] 41%|████      | 1137/2769 [43:01<1:02:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.088109] 41%|████      | 1138/2769 [43:01<1:02:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.088109] 41%|████      | 1138/2769 [43:04<1:02:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.058861] 41%|████      | 1139/2769 [43:04<1:02:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.058861] 41%|████      | 1139/2769 [43:06<1:02:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.023973] 41%|████      | 1140/2769 [43:06<1:02:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=56.023973] 41%|████      | 1140/2769 [43:08<1:02:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.987725] 41%|████      | 1141/2769 [43:08<1:02:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.987725] 41%|████      | 1141/2769 [43:11<1:02:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.954165] 41%|████      | 1142/2769 [43:11<1:02:26,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.954165] 41%|████      | 1142/2769 [43:13<1:02:26,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.923142] 41%|████▏     | 1143/2769 [43:13<1:02:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.923142] 41%|████▏     | 1143/2769 [43:15<1:02:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.885438] 41%|████▏     | 1144/2769 [43:15<1:02:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.885438] 41%|████▏     | 1144/2769 [43:18<1:02:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.847345] 41%|████▏     | 1145/2769 [43:18<1:02:02,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.847345] 41%|████▏     | 1145/2769 [43:20<1:02:02,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.817051] 41%|████▏     | 1146/2769 [43:20<1:01:58,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.817051] 41%|████▏     | 1146/2769 [43:22<1:01:58,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.783978] 41%|████▏     | 1147/2769 [43:22<1:01:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.783978] 41%|████▏     | 1147/2769 [43:24<1:01:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.746585] 41%|████▏     | 1148/2769 [43:24<1:01:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.746585] 41%|████▏     | 1148/2769 [43:27<1:01:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.714816] 41%|████▏     | 1149/2769 [43:27<1:01:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.714816] 41%|████▏     | 1149/2769 [43:29<1:01:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.681197] 42%|████▏     | 1150/2769 [43:29<1:01:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.681197] 42%|████▏     | 1150/2769 [43:31<1:01:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.649551] 42%|████▏     | 1151/2769 [43:31<1:01:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.649551] 42%|████▏     | 1151/2769 [43:34<1:01:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.617759] 42%|████▏     | 1152/2769 [43:34<1:01:46,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.617759] 42%|████▏     | 1152/2769 [43:36<1:01:46,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.581423] 42%|████▏     | 1153/2769 [43:36<1:01:46,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.581423] 42%|████▏     | 1153/2769 [43:38<1:01:46,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.548508] 42%|████▏     | 1154/2769 [43:38<1:01:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.548508] 42%|████▏     | 1154/2769 [43:40<1:01:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.516570] 42%|████▏     | 1155/2769 [43:40<1:01:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.516570] 42%|████▏     | 1155/2769 [43:43<1:01:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.487756] 42%|████▏     | 1156/2769 [43:43<1:01:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.487756] 42%|████▏     | 1156/2769 [43:45<1:01:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.451629] 42%|████▏     | 1157/2769 [43:45<1:01:29,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.451629] 42%|████▏     | 1157/2769 [43:47<1:01:29,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.418292] 42%|████▏     | 1158/2769 [43:47<1:01:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.418292] 42%|████▏     | 1158/2769 [43:50<1:01:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.382518] 42%|████▏     | 1159/2769 [43:50<1:01:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.382518] 42%|████▏     | 1159/2769 [43:52<1:01:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.352644] 42%|████▏     | 1160/2769 [43:52<1:01:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.352644] 42%|████▏     | 1160/2769 [43:54<1:01:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.317660] 42%|████▏     | 1161/2769 [43:54<1:01:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.317660] 42%|████▏     | 1161/2769 [43:56<1:01:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.287588] 42%|████▏     | 1162/2769 [43:56<1:01:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.287588] 42%|████▏     | 1162/2769 [43:59<1:01:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.259118] 42%|████▏     | 1163/2769 [43:59<1:01:09,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.259118] 42%|████▏     | 1163/2769 [44:01<1:01:09,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.230928] 42%|████▏     | 1164/2769 [44:01<1:01:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.230928] 42%|████▏     | 1164/2769 [44:03<1:01:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.204153] 42%|████▏     | 1165/2769 [44:03<1:00:55,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.204153] 42%|████▏     | 1165/2769 [44:06<1:00:55,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.172872] 42%|████▏     | 1166/2769 [44:06<1:00:53,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.172872] 42%|████▏     | 1166/2769 [44:08<1:00:53,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.140244] 42%|████▏     | 1167/2769 [44:08<1:00:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.140244] 42%|████▏     | 1167/2769 [44:10<1:00:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.109385] 42%|████▏     | 1168/2769 [44:10<1:00:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.109385] 42%|████▏     | 1168/2769 [44:12<1:00:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.078297] 42%|████▏     | 1169/2769 [44:12<1:00:42,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.078297] 42%|████▏     | 1169/2769 [44:15<1:00:42,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.044605] 42%|████▏     | 1170/2769 [44:15<1:00:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.044605] 42%|████▏     | 1170/2769 [44:17<1:00:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.013973] 42%|████▏     | 1171/2769 [44:17<1:00:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=55.013973] 42%|████▏     | 1171/2769 [44:19<1:00:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.982695] 42%|████▏     | 1172/2769 [44:19<1:00:29,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.982695] 42%|████▏     | 1172/2769 [44:21<1:00:29,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.955927] 42%|████▏     | 1173/2769 [44:21<1:00:40,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.955927] 42%|████▏     | 1173/2769 [44:24<1:00:40,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.924182] 42%|████▏     | 1174/2769 [44:24<1:00:31,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.924182] 42%|████▏     | 1174/2769 [44:26<1:00:31,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.894101] 42%|████▏     | 1175/2769 [44:26<1:00:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.894101] 42%|████▏     | 1175/2769 [44:28<1:00:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.859261] 42%|████▏     | 1176/2769 [44:28<1:00:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.859261] 42%|████▏     | 1176/2769 [44:31<1:00:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.825326] 43%|████▎     | 1177/2769 [44:31<1:00:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.825326] 43%|████▎     | 1177/2769 [44:33<1:00:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.797415] 43%|████▎     | 1178/2769 [44:33<1:00:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.797415] 43%|████▎     | 1178/2769 [44:35<1:00:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.763345] 43%|████▎     | 1179/2769 [44:35<1:00:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.763345] 43%|████▎     | 1179/2769 [44:37<1:00:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.733616] 43%|████▎     | 1180/2769 [44:37<1:00:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.733616] 43%|████▎     | 1180/2769 [44:40<1:00:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.701345] 43%|████▎     | 1181/2769 [44:40<1:00:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.701345] 43%|████▎     | 1181/2769 [44:42<1:00:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.669851] 43%|████▎     | 1182/2769 [44:42<1:00:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.669851] 43%|████▎     | 1182/2769 [44:44<1:00:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.637677] 43%|████▎     | 1183/2769 [44:44<1:00:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.637677] 43%|████▎     | 1183/2769 [44:47<1:00:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.603336] 43%|████▎     | 1184/2769 [44:47<1:00:20,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.603336] 43%|████▎     | 1184/2769 [44:49<1:00:20,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.574595] 43%|████▎     | 1185/2769 [44:49<1:00:10,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.574595] 43%|████▎     | 1185/2769 [44:51<1:00:10,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.547304] 43%|████▎     | 1186/2769 [44:51<1:00:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.547304] 43%|████▎     | 1186/2769 [44:53<1:00:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.516080] 43%|████▎     | 1187/2769 [44:53<1:00:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.516080] 43%|████▎     | 1187/2769 [44:56<1:00:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.481401] 43%|████▎     | 1188/2769 [44:56<1:00:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.481401] 43%|████▎     | 1188/2769 [44:58<1:00:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.447762] 43%|████▎     | 1189/2769 [44:58<1:00:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.447762] 43%|████▎     | 1189/2769 [45:00<1:00:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.415758] 43%|████▎     | 1190/2769 [45:00<1:00:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.415758] 43%|████▎     | 1190/2769 [45:03<1:00:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.382044] 43%|████▎     | 1191/2769 [45:03<1:00:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.382044] 43%|████▎     | 1191/2769 [45:05<1:00:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.347987] 43%|████▎     | 1192/2769 [45:05<1:00:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.347987] 43%|████▎     | 1192/2769 [45:07<1:00:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.319552] 43%|████▎     | 1193/2769 [45:07<1:00:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.319552] 43%|████▎     | 1193/2769 [45:09<1:00:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.285910] 43%|████▎     | 1194/2769 [45:09<1:00:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.285910] 43%|████▎     | 1194/2769 [45:12<1:00:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.258134] 43%|████▎     | 1195/2769 [45:12<1:00:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.258134] 43%|████▎     | 1195/2769 [45:14<1:00:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.225449] 43%|████▎     | 1196/2769 [45:14<1:00:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.225449] 43%|████▎     | 1196/2769 [45:16<1:00:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.193360] 43%|████▎     | 1197/2769 [45:16<1:00:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.193360] 43%|████▎     | 1197/2769 [45:19<1:00:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.164726] 43%|████▎     | 1198/2769 [45:19<1:00:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.164726] 43%|████▎     | 1198/2769 [45:21<1:00:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.132698] 43%|████▎     | 1199/2769 [45:21<1:00:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.132698] 43%|████▎     | 1199/2769 [45:23<1:00:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.103514] 43%|████▎     | 1200/2769 [45:23<1:00:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.103514] 43%|████▎     | 1200/2769 [45:26<1:00:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.075930] 43%|████▎     | 1201/2769 [45:26<1:00:01,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.075930] 43%|████▎     | 1201/2769 [45:28<1:00:01,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.051371] 43%|████▎     | 1202/2769 [45:28<1:00:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.051371] 43%|████▎     | 1202/2769 [45:30<1:00:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.020657] 43%|████▎     | 1203/2769 [45:30<1:00:16,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=54.020657] 43%|████▎     | 1203/2769 [45:32<1:00:16,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.984193] 43%|████▎     | 1204/2769 [45:32<1:00:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.984193] 43%|████▎     | 1204/2769 [45:35<1:00:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.960418] 44%|████▎     | 1205/2769 [45:35<1:00:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.960418] 44%|████▎     | 1205/2769 [45:37<1:00:02,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.926008] 44%|████▎     | 1206/2769 [45:37<59:51,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.926008]   44%|████▎     | 1206/2769 [45:39<59:51,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.897306] 44%|████▎     | 1207/2769 [45:39<59:41,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.897306] 44%|████▎     | 1207/2769 [45:42<59:41,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.864375] 44%|████▎     | 1208/2769 [45:42<59:37,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.864375] 44%|████▎     | 1208/2769 [45:44<59:37,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.834146] 44%|████▎     | 1209/2769 [45:44<59:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.834146] 44%|████▎     | 1209/2769 [45:46<59:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.802986] 44%|████▎     | 1210/2769 [45:46<59:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.802986] 44%|████▎     | 1210/2769 [45:48<59:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.767568] 44%|████▎     | 1211/2769 [45:48<59:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.767568] 44%|████▎     | 1211/2769 [45:51<59:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.741879] 44%|████▍     | 1212/2769 [45:51<59:43,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.741879] 44%|████▍     | 1212/2769 [45:53<59:43,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.708542] 44%|████▍     | 1213/2769 [45:53<59:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.708542] 44%|████▍     | 1213/2769 [45:55<59:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.676116] 44%|████▍     | 1214/2769 [45:55<59:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.676116] 44%|████▍     | 1214/2769 [45:58<59:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.644310] 44%|████▍     | 1215/2769 [45:58<59:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.644310] 44%|████▍     | 1215/2769 [46:00<59:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.617687] 44%|████▍     | 1216/2769 [46:00<59:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.617687] 44%|████▍     | 1216/2769 [46:02<59:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.592453] 44%|████▍     | 1217/2769 [46:02<59:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.592453] 44%|████▍     | 1217/2769 [46:05<59:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.558711] 44%|████▍     | 1218/2769 [46:05<59:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.558711] 44%|████▍     | 1218/2769 [46:07<59:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.527954] 44%|████▍     | 1219/2769 [46:07<59:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.527954] 44%|████▍     | 1219/2769 [46:09<59:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.501500] 44%|████▍     | 1220/2769 [46:09<59:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.501500] 44%|████▍     | 1220/2769 [46:11<59:01,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.471649] 44%|████▍     | 1221/2769 [46:11<58:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.471649] 44%|████▍     | 1221/2769 [46:14<58:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.443529] 44%|████▍     | 1222/2769 [46:14<58:35,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.443529] 44%|████▍     | 1222/2769 [46:16<58:35,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.411716] 44%|████▍     | 1223/2769 [46:16<58:33,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.411716] 44%|████▍     | 1223/2769 [46:18<58:33,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.378448] 44%|████▍     | 1224/2769 [46:18<58:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.378448] 44%|████▍     | 1224/2769 [46:20<58:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.344461] 44%|████▍     | 1225/2769 [46:20<58:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.344461] 44%|████▍     | 1225/2769 [46:23<58:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.316404] 44%|████▍     | 1226/2769 [46:23<58:20,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.316404] 44%|████▍     | 1226/2769 [46:25<58:20,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.288011] 44%|████▍     | 1227/2769 [46:25<58:19,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.288011] 44%|████▍     | 1227/2769 [46:27<58:19,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.251850] 44%|████▍     | 1228/2769 [46:27<58:14,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.251850] 44%|████▍     | 1228/2769 [46:30<58:14,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.220730] 44%|████▍     | 1229/2769 [46:30<58:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.220730] 44%|████▍     | 1229/2769 [46:32<58:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.189690] 44%|████▍     | 1230/2769 [46:32<58:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.189690] 44%|████▍     | 1230/2769 [46:34<58:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.166498] 44%|████▍     | 1231/2769 [46:34<58:20,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.166498] 44%|████▍     | 1231/2769 [46:36<58:20,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.133797] 44%|████▍     | 1232/2769 [46:36<58:13,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.133797] 44%|████▍     | 1232/2769 [46:39<58:13,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.109288] 45%|████▍     | 1233/2769 [46:39<57:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.109288] 45%|████▍     | 1233/2769 [46:41<57:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.078514] 45%|████▍     | 1234/2769 [46:41<57:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.078514] 45%|████▍     | 1234/2769 [46:43<57:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.050325] 45%|████▍     | 1235/2769 [46:43<57:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.050325] 45%|████▍     | 1235/2769 [46:45<57:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.023178] 45%|████▍     | 1236/2769 [46:45<57:15,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=53.023178] 45%|████▍     | 1236/2769 [46:48<57:15,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.995351] 45%|████▍     | 1237/2769 [46:48<57:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.995351] 45%|████▍     | 1237/2769 [46:50<57:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.968696] 45%|████▍     | 1238/2769 [46:50<57:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.968696] 45%|████▍     | 1238/2769 [46:52<57:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.937478] 45%|████▍     | 1239/2769 [46:52<56:57,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.937478] 45%|████▍     | 1239/2769 [46:54<56:57,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.909738] 45%|████▍     | 1240/2769 [46:54<56:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.909738] 45%|████▍     | 1240/2769 [46:56<56:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.877013] 45%|████▍     | 1241/2769 [46:56<56:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.877013] 45%|████▍     | 1241/2769 [46:59<56:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.844450] 45%|████▍     | 1242/2769 [46:59<56:46,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.844450] 45%|████▍     | 1242/2769 [47:01<56:46,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.813905] 45%|████▍     | 1243/2769 [47:01<56:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.813905] 45%|████▍     | 1243/2769 [47:03<56:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.783473] 45%|████▍     | 1244/2769 [47:03<56:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.783473] 45%|████▍     | 1244/2769 [47:05<56:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.752751] 45%|████▍     | 1245/2769 [47:05<56:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.752751] 45%|████▍     | 1245/2769 [47:08<56:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.724406] 45%|████▍     | 1246/2769 [47:08<56:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.724406] 45%|████▍     | 1246/2769 [47:10<56:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.696278] 45%|████▌     | 1247/2769 [47:10<56:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.696278] 45%|████▌     | 1247/2769 [47:12<56:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.666830] 45%|████▌     | 1248/2769 [47:12<56:30,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.666830] 45%|████▌     | 1248/2769 [47:14<56:30,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.638546] 45%|████▌     | 1249/2769 [47:14<56:23,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.638546] 45%|████▌     | 1249/2769 [47:17<56:23,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.613745] 45%|████▌     | 1250/2769 [47:17<56:24,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.613745] 45%|████▌     | 1250/2769 [47:19<56:24,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.587512] 45%|████▌     | 1251/2769 [47:19<56:22,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.587512] 45%|████▌     | 1251/2769 [47:21<56:22,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.557852] 45%|████▌     | 1252/2769 [47:21<56:20,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.557852] 45%|████▌     | 1252/2769 [47:23<56:20,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.524201] 45%|████▌     | 1253/2769 [47:23<56:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.524201] 45%|████▌     | 1253/2769 [47:25<56:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.492559] 45%|████▌     | 1254/2769 [47:25<56:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.492559] 45%|████▌     | 1254/2769 [47:28<56:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.462704] 45%|████▌     | 1255/2769 [47:28<56:12,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.462704] 45%|████▌     | 1255/2769 [47:30<56:12,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.434585] 45%|████▌     | 1256/2769 [47:30<56:10,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.434585] 45%|████▌     | 1256/2769 [47:32<56:10,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.407150] 45%|████▌     | 1257/2769 [47:32<56:18,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.407150] 45%|████▌     | 1257/2769 [47:34<56:18,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.377337] 45%|████▌     | 1258/2769 [47:34<56:07,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.377337] 45%|████▌     | 1258/2769 [47:37<56:07,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.348113] 45%|████▌     | 1259/2769 [47:37<56:04,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.348113] 45%|████▌     | 1259/2769 [47:39<56:04,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.318241] 46%|████▌     | 1260/2769 [47:39<55:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.318241] 46%|████▌     | 1260/2769 [47:41<55:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.284620] 46%|████▌     | 1261/2769 [47:41<55:50,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.284620] 46%|████▌     | 1261/2769 [47:43<55:50,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.256485] 46%|████▌     | 1262/2769 [47:43<55:48,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.256485] 46%|████▌     | 1262/2769 [47:45<55:48,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.227221] 46%|████▌     | 1263/2769 [47:45<55:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.227221] 46%|████▌     | 1263/2769 [47:48<55:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.203628] 46%|████▌     | 1264/2769 [47:48<55:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.203628] 46%|████▌     | 1264/2769 [47:50<55:46,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.178260] 46%|████▌     | 1265/2769 [47:50<55:47,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.178260] 46%|████▌     | 1265/2769 [47:52<55:47,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.149244] 46%|████▌     | 1266/2769 [47:52<55:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.149244] 46%|████▌     | 1266/2769 [47:54<55:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.117557] 46%|████▌     | 1267/2769 [47:54<55:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.117557] 46%|████▌     | 1267/2769 [47:57<55:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.087420] 46%|████▌     | 1268/2769 [47:57<55:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.087420] 46%|████▌     | 1268/2769 [47:59<55:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.057146] 46%|████▌     | 1269/2769 [47:59<55:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.057146] 46%|████▌     | 1269/2769 [48:01<55:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.029936] 46%|████▌     | 1270/2769 [48:01<55:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.029936] 46%|████▌     | 1270/2769 [48:03<55:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.007199] 46%|████▌     | 1271/2769 [48:03<55:26,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=52.007199] 46%|████▌     | 1271/2769 [48:05<55:26,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.976751] 46%|████▌     | 1272/2769 [48:05<55:24,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.976751] 46%|████▌     | 1272/2769 [48:08<55:24,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.944898] 46%|████▌     | 1273/2769 [48:08<55:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.944898] 46%|████▌     | 1273/2769 [48:10<55:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.919318] 46%|████▌     | 1274/2769 [48:10<55:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.919318] 46%|████▌     | 1274/2769 [48:12<55:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.889861] 46%|████▌     | 1275/2769 [48:12<55:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.889861] 46%|████▌     | 1275/2769 [48:14<55:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.858950] 46%|████▌     | 1276/2769 [48:14<55:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.858950] 46%|████▌     | 1276/2769 [48:17<55:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.828339] 46%|████▌     | 1277/2769 [48:17<55:15,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.828339] 46%|████▌     | 1277/2769 [48:19<55:15,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.799822] 46%|████▌     | 1278/2769 [48:19<55:13,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.799822] 46%|████▌     | 1278/2769 [48:21<55:13,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.778139] 46%|████▌     | 1279/2769 [48:21<55:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.778139] 46%|████▌     | 1279/2769 [48:23<55:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.748476] 46%|████▌     | 1280/2769 [48:23<55:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.748476] 46%|████▌     | 1280/2769 [48:25<55:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.721321] 46%|████▋     | 1281/2769 [48:25<55:08,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.721321] 46%|████▋     | 1281/2769 [48:28<55:08,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.696022] 46%|████▋     | 1282/2769 [48:28<55:07,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.696022] 46%|████▋     | 1282/2769 [48:30<55:07,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.666128] 46%|████▋     | 1283/2769 [48:30<55:06,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.666128] 46%|████▋     | 1283/2769 [48:32<55:06,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.636810] 46%|████▋     | 1284/2769 [48:32<55:13,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.636810] 46%|████▋     | 1284/2769 [48:34<55:13,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.608880] 46%|████▋     | 1285/2769 [48:34<55:06,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.608880] 46%|████▋     | 1285/2769 [48:37<55:06,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.577719] 46%|████▋     | 1286/2769 [48:37<55:05,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.577719] 46%|████▋     | 1286/2769 [48:39<55:05,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.556598] 46%|████▋     | 1287/2769 [48:39<55:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.556598] 46%|████▋     | 1287/2769 [48:41<55:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.524778] 47%|████▋     | 1288/2769 [48:41<54:55,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.524778] 47%|████▋     | 1288/2769 [48:43<54:55,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.497588] 47%|████▋     | 1289/2769 [48:43<54:53,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.497588] 47%|████▋     | 1289/2769 [48:46<54:53,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.475041] 47%|████▋     | 1290/2769 [48:46<54:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.475041] 47%|████▋     | 1290/2769 [48:48<54:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.448198] 47%|████▋     | 1291/2769 [48:48<54:50,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.448198] 47%|████▋     | 1291/2769 [48:50<54:50,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.420835] 47%|████▋     | 1292/2769 [48:50<54:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.420835] 47%|████▋     | 1292/2769 [48:52<54:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.394404] 47%|████▋     | 1293/2769 [48:52<54:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.394404] 47%|████▋     | 1293/2769 [48:54<54:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.364211] 47%|████▋     | 1294/2769 [48:54<54:47,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.364211] 47%|████▋     | 1294/2769 [48:57<54:47,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.333660] 47%|████▋     | 1295/2769 [48:57<54:50,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.333660] 47%|████▋     | 1295/2769 [48:59<54:50,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.302151] 47%|████▋     | 1296/2769 [48:59<54:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.302151] 47%|████▋     | 1296/2769 [49:01<54:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.279902] 47%|████▋     | 1297/2769 [49:01<54:56,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.279902] 47%|████▋     | 1297/2769 [49:03<54:56,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.252086] 47%|████▋     | 1298/2769 [49:03<54:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.252086] 47%|████▋     | 1298/2769 [49:06<54:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.222700] 47%|████▋     | 1299/2769 [49:06<54:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.222700] 47%|████▋     | 1299/2769 [49:08<54:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.199003] 47%|████▋     | 1300/2769 [49:08<54:54,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.199003] 47%|████▋     | 1300/2769 [49:10<54:54,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.181666] 47%|████▋     | 1301/2769 [49:10<55:30,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.181666] 47%|████▋     | 1301/2769 [49:12<55:30,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.154426] 47%|████▋     | 1302/2769 [49:12<55:27,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.154426] 47%|████▋     | 1302/2769 [49:15<55:27,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.125653] 47%|████▋     | 1303/2769 [49:15<55:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.125653] 47%|████▋     | 1303/2769 [49:17<55:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.094400] 47%|████▋     | 1304/2769 [49:17<55:24,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.094400] 47%|████▋     | 1304/2769 [49:19<55:24,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.069360] 47%|████▋     | 1305/2769 [49:19<55:19,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.069360] 47%|████▋     | 1305/2769 [49:22<55:19,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.038855] 47%|████▋     | 1306/2769 [49:22<55:15,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.038855] 47%|████▋     | 1306/2769 [49:24<55:15,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.011646] 47%|████▋     | 1307/2769 [49:24<55:09,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=51.011646] 47%|████▋     | 1307/2769 [49:26<55:09,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.983443] 47%|████▋     | 1308/2769 [49:26<55:13,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.983443] 47%|████▋     | 1308/2769 [49:28<55:13,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.965076] 47%|████▋     | 1309/2769 [49:28<55:19,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.965076] 47%|████▋     | 1309/2769 [49:31<55:19,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.937019] 47%|████▋     | 1310/2769 [49:31<55:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.937019] 47%|████▋     | 1310/2769 [49:33<55:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.907531] 47%|████▋     | 1311/2769 [49:33<55:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.907531] 47%|████▋     | 1311/2769 [49:35<55:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.882140] 47%|████▋     | 1312/2769 [49:35<55:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.882140] 47%|████▋     | 1312/2769 [49:38<55:21,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.854941] 47%|████▋     | 1313/2769 [49:38<55:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.854941] 47%|████▋     | 1313/2769 [49:40<55:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.829473] 47%|████▋     | 1314/2769 [49:40<55:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.829473] 47%|████▋     | 1314/2769 [49:42<55:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.806912] 47%|████▋     | 1315/2769 [49:42<55:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.806912] 47%|████▋     | 1315/2769 [49:44<55:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.780014] 48%|████▊     | 1316/2769 [49:44<55:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.780014] 48%|████▊     | 1316/2769 [49:47<55:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.754637] 48%|████▊     | 1317/2769 [49:47<55:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.754637] 48%|████▊     | 1317/2769 [49:49<55:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.726469] 48%|████▊     | 1318/2769 [49:49<55:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.726469] 48%|████▊     | 1318/2769 [49:51<55:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.694641] 48%|████▊     | 1319/2769 [49:51<55:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.694641] 48%|████▊     | 1319/2769 [49:54<55:25,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.665104] 48%|████▊     | 1320/2769 [49:54<55:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.665104] 48%|████▊     | 1320/2769 [49:56<55:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.638910] 48%|████▊     | 1321/2769 [49:56<55:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.638910] 48%|████▊     | 1321/2769 [49:58<55:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.619690] 48%|████▊     | 1322/2769 [49:58<55:09,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.619690] 48%|████▊     | 1322/2769 [50:00<55:09,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.592395] 48%|████▊     | 1323/2769 [50:00<54:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.592395] 48%|████▊     | 1323/2769 [50:03<54:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.566352] 48%|████▊     | 1324/2769 [50:03<54:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.566352] 48%|████▊     | 1324/2769 [50:05<54:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.539271] 48%|████▊     | 1325/2769 [50:05<54:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.539271] 48%|████▊     | 1325/2769 [50:07<54:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.510849] 48%|████▊     | 1326/2769 [50:07<54:48,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.510849] 48%|████▊     | 1326/2769 [50:10<54:48,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.483865] 48%|████▊     | 1327/2769 [50:10<54:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.483865] 48%|████▊     | 1327/2769 [50:12<54:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.456698] 48%|████▊     | 1328/2769 [50:12<54:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.456698] 48%|████▊     | 1328/2769 [50:14<54:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.432551] 48%|████▊     | 1329/2769 [50:14<54:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.432551] 48%|████▊     | 1329/2769 [50:16<54:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.407892] 48%|████▊     | 1330/2769 [50:16<54:37,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.407892] 48%|████▊     | 1330/2769 [50:19<54:37,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.380980] 48%|████▊     | 1331/2769 [50:19<54:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.380980] 48%|████▊     | 1331/2769 [50:21<54:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.352607] 48%|████▊     | 1332/2769 [50:21<54:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.352607] 48%|████▊     | 1332/2769 [50:23<54:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.326525] 48%|████▊     | 1333/2769 [50:23<54:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.326525] 48%|████▊     | 1333/2769 [50:25<54:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.299277] 48%|████▊     | 1334/2769 [50:25<54:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.299277] 48%|████▊     | 1334/2769 [50:28<54:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.274670] 48%|████▊     | 1335/2769 [50:28<54:26,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.274670] 48%|████▊     | 1335/2769 [50:30<54:26,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.252199] 48%|████▊     | 1336/2769 [50:30<54:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.252199] 48%|████▊     | 1336/2769 [50:32<54:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.223108] 48%|████▊     | 1337/2769 [50:32<54:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.223108] 48%|████▊     | 1337/2769 [50:35<54:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.195780] 48%|████▊     | 1338/2769 [50:35<54:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.195780] 48%|████▊     | 1338/2769 [50:37<54:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.169363] 48%|████▊     | 1339/2769 [50:37<54:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.169363] 48%|████▊     | 1339/2769 [50:39<54:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.139908] 48%|████▊     | 1340/2769 [50:39<54:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.139908] 48%|████▊     | 1340/2769 [50:42<54:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.115084] 48%|████▊     | 1341/2769 [50:42<54:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.115084] 48%|████▊     | 1341/2769 [50:44<54:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.086981] 48%|████▊     | 1342/2769 [50:44<54:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.086981] 48%|████▊     | 1342/2769 [50:46<54:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.065811] 49%|████▊     | 1343/2769 [50:46<54:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.065811] 49%|████▊     | 1343/2769 [50:48<54:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.041940] 49%|████▊     | 1344/2769 [50:48<54:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.041940] 49%|████▊     | 1344/2769 [50:51<54:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.018693] 49%|████▊     | 1345/2769 [50:51<54:47,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=50.018693] 49%|████▊     | 1345/2769 [50:53<54:47,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.992416] 49%|████▊     | 1346/2769 [50:53<54:39,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.992416] 49%|████▊     | 1346/2769 [50:55<54:39,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.965747] 49%|████▊     | 1347/2769 [50:55<54:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.965747] 49%|████▊     | 1347/2769 [50:58<54:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.946332] 49%|████▊     | 1348/2769 [50:58<54:31,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.946332] 49%|████▊     | 1348/2769 [51:00<54:31,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.917359] 49%|████▊     | 1349/2769 [51:00<54:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.917359] 49%|████▊     | 1349/2769 [51:02<54:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.892261] 49%|████▉     | 1350/2769 [51:02<54:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.892261] 49%|████▉     | 1350/2769 [51:04<54:12,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.869083] 49%|████▉     | 1351/2769 [51:04<53:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.869083] 49%|████▉     | 1351/2769 [51:07<53:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.842335] 49%|████▉     | 1352/2769 [51:07<53:51,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.842335] 49%|████▉     | 1352/2769 [51:09<53:51,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.817975] 49%|████▉     | 1353/2769 [51:09<53:43,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.817975] 49%|████▉     | 1353/2769 [51:11<53:43,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.794639] 49%|████▉     | 1354/2769 [51:11<53:40,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.794639] 49%|████▉     | 1354/2769 [51:14<53:40,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.771585] 49%|████▉     | 1355/2769 [51:14<53:36,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.771585] 49%|████▉     | 1355/2769 [51:16<53:36,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.744215] 49%|████▉     | 1356/2769 [51:16<53:34,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.744215] 49%|████▉     | 1356/2769 [51:18<53:34,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.715058] 49%|████▉     | 1357/2769 [51:18<53:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.715058] 49%|████▉     | 1357/2769 [51:20<53:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.692951] 49%|████▉     | 1358/2769 [51:20<53:27,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.692951] 49%|████▉     | 1358/2769 [51:23<53:27,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.672028] 49%|████▉     | 1359/2769 [51:23<53:27,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.672028] 49%|████▉     | 1359/2769 [51:25<53:27,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.643996] 49%|████▉     | 1360/2769 [51:25<53:24,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.643996] 49%|████▉     | 1360/2769 [51:27<53:24,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.620903] 49%|████▉     | 1361/2769 [51:27<53:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.620903] 49%|████▉     | 1361/2769 [51:29<53:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.595992] 49%|████▉     | 1362/2769 [51:29<53:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.595992] 49%|████▉     | 1362/2769 [51:32<53:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.574372] 49%|████▉     | 1363/2769 [51:32<53:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.574372] 49%|████▉     | 1363/2769 [51:34<53:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.547356] 49%|████▉     | 1364/2769 [51:34<53:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.547356] 49%|████▉     | 1364/2769 [51:36<53:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.523381] 49%|████▉     | 1365/2769 [51:36<53:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.523381] 49%|████▉     | 1365/2769 [51:39<53:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.496467] 49%|████▉     | 1366/2769 [51:39<53:16,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.496467] 49%|████▉     | 1366/2769 [51:41<53:16,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.472302] 49%|████▉     | 1367/2769 [51:41<53:17,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.472302] 49%|████▉     | 1367/2769 [51:43<53:17,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.441929] 49%|████▉     | 1368/2769 [51:43<53:11,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.441929] 49%|████▉     | 1368/2769 [51:45<53:11,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.414375] 49%|████▉     | 1369/2769 [51:45<53:08,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.414375] 49%|████▉     | 1369/2769 [51:48<53:08,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.385985] 49%|████▉     | 1370/2769 [51:48<53:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.385985] 49%|████▉     | 1370/2769 [51:50<53:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.359144] 50%|████▉     | 1371/2769 [51:50<53:02,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.359144] 50%|████▉     | 1371/2769 [51:52<53:02,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.333815] 50%|████▉     | 1372/2769 [51:52<52:56,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.333815] 50%|████▉     | 1372/2769 [51:55<52:56,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.305769] 50%|████▉     | 1373/2769 [51:55<52:51,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.305769] 50%|████▉     | 1373/2769 [51:57<52:51,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.280370] 50%|████▉     | 1374/2769 [51:57<52:49,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.280370] 50%|████▉     | 1374/2769 [51:59<52:49,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.253889] 50%|████▉     | 1375/2769 [51:59<52:54,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.253889] 50%|████▉     | 1375/2769 [52:01<52:54,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.232353] 50%|████▉     | 1376/2769 [52:01<53:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.232353] 50%|████▉     | 1376/2769 [52:04<53:05,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.203278] 50%|████▉     | 1377/2769 [52:04<53:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.203278] 50%|████▉     | 1377/2769 [52:06<53:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.173812] 50%|████▉     | 1378/2769 [52:06<53:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.173812] 50%|████▉     | 1378/2769 [52:08<53:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.151470] 50%|████▉     | 1379/2769 [52:08<53:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.151470] 50%|████▉     | 1379/2769 [52:11<53:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.123553] 50%|████▉     | 1380/2769 [52:11<53:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.123553] 50%|████▉     | 1380/2769 [52:13<53:07,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.102632] 50%|████▉     | 1381/2769 [52:13<53:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.102632] 50%|████▉     | 1381/2769 [52:15<53:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.077247] 50%|████▉     | 1382/2769 [52:15<53:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.077247] 50%|████▉     | 1382/2769 [52:17<53:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.051189] 50%|████▉     | 1383/2769 [52:17<52:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.051189] 50%|████▉     | 1383/2769 [52:20<52:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.026823] 50%|████▉     | 1384/2769 [52:20<53:00,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.026823] 50%|████▉     | 1384/2769 [52:22<53:00,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.001712] 50%|█████     | 1385/2769 [52:22<52:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=49.001712] 50%|█████     | 1385/2769 [52:24<52:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.977071] 50%|█████     | 1386/2769 [52:24<52:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.977071] 50%|█████     | 1386/2769 [52:27<52:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.951272] 50%|█████     | 1387/2769 [52:27<52:45,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.951272] 50%|█████     | 1387/2769 [52:29<52:45,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.928525] 50%|█████     | 1388/2769 [52:29<52:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.928525] 50%|█████     | 1388/2769 [52:31<52:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.900542] 50%|█████     | 1389/2769 [52:31<52:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.900542] 50%|█████     | 1389/2769 [52:33<52:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.875796] 50%|█████     | 1390/2769 [52:33<52:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.875796] 50%|█████     | 1390/2769 [52:36<52:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.850062] 50%|█████     | 1391/2769 [52:36<52:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.850062] 50%|█████     | 1391/2769 [52:38<52:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.829960] 50%|█████     | 1392/2769 [52:38<52:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.829960] 50%|█████     | 1392/2769 [52:40<52:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.812644] 50%|█████     | 1393/2769 [52:40<52:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.812644] 50%|█████     | 1393/2769 [52:43<52:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.792406] 50%|█████     | 1394/2769 [52:43<52:16,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.792406] 50%|█████     | 1394/2769 [52:45<52:16,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.765958] 50%|█████     | 1395/2769 [52:45<52:10,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.765958] 50%|█████     | 1395/2769 [52:47<52:10,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.743420] 50%|█████     | 1396/2769 [52:47<52:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.743420] 50%|█████     | 1396/2769 [52:49<52:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.717503] 50%|█████     | 1397/2769 [52:49<52:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.717503] 50%|█████     | 1397/2769 [52:52<52:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.693145] 50%|█████     | 1398/2769 [52:52<52:08,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.693145] 50%|█████     | 1398/2769 [52:54<52:08,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.667908] 51%|█████     | 1399/2769 [52:54<52:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.667908] 51%|█████     | 1399/2769 [52:56<52:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.641003] 51%|█████     | 1400/2769 [52:56<51:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.641003] 51%|█████     | 1400/2769 [52:59<51:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.619103] 51%|█████     | 1401/2769 [52:59<52:00,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.619103] 51%|█████     | 1401/2769 [53:01<52:00,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.595814] 51%|█████     | 1402/2769 [53:01<52:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.595814] 51%|█████     | 1402/2769 [53:03<52:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.572023] 51%|█████     | 1403/2769 [53:03<51:58,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.572023] 51%|█████     | 1403/2769 [53:05<51:58,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.551530] 51%|█████     | 1404/2769 [53:05<51:55,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.551530] 51%|█████     | 1404/2769 [53:08<51:55,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.524270] 51%|█████     | 1405/2769 [53:08<51:56,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.524270] 51%|█████     | 1405/2769 [53:10<51:56,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.498735] 51%|█████     | 1406/2769 [53:10<51:53,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.498735] 51%|█████     | 1406/2769 [53:12<51:53,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.471501] 51%|█████     | 1407/2769 [53:12<51:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.471501] 51%|█████     | 1407/2769 [53:15<51:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.447697] 51%|█████     | 1408/2769 [53:15<51:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.447697] 51%|█████     | 1408/2769 [53:17<51:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.421773] 51%|█████     | 1409/2769 [53:17<51:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.421773] 51%|█████     | 1409/2769 [53:19<51:44,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.395767] 51%|█████     | 1410/2769 [53:19<51:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.395767] 51%|█████     | 1410/2769 [53:21<51:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.370285] 51%|█████     | 1411/2769 [53:21<51:36,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.370285] 51%|█████     | 1411/2769 [53:24<51:36,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.345378] 51%|█████     | 1412/2769 [53:24<51:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.345378] 51%|█████     | 1412/2769 [53:26<51:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.319465] 51%|█████     | 1413/2769 [53:26<51:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.319465] 51%|█████     | 1413/2769 [53:28<51:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.295678] 51%|█████     | 1414/2769 [53:28<51:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.295678] 51%|█████     | 1414/2769 [53:31<51:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.274131] 51%|█████     | 1415/2769 [53:31<51:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.274131] 51%|█████     | 1415/2769 [53:33<51:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.251320] 51%|█████     | 1416/2769 [53:33<51:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.251320] 51%|█████     | 1416/2769 [53:35<51:23,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.227066] 51%|█████     | 1417/2769 [53:35<51:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.227066] 51%|█████     | 1417/2769 [53:37<51:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.202428] 51%|█████     | 1418/2769 [53:37<51:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.202428] 51%|█████     | 1418/2769 [53:40<51:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.180491] 51%|█████     | 1419/2769 [53:40<51:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.180491] 51%|█████     | 1419/2769 [53:42<51:22,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.152891] 51%|█████▏    | 1420/2769 [53:42<51:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.152891] 51%|█████▏    | 1420/2769 [53:44<51:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.127709] 51%|█████▏    | 1421/2769 [53:44<51:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.127709] 51%|█████▏    | 1421/2769 [53:46<51:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.102931] 51%|█████▏    | 1422/2769 [53:46<51:09,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.102931] 51%|█████▏    | 1422/2769 [53:49<51:09,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.079007] 51%|█████▏    | 1423/2769 [53:49<51:06,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.079007] 51%|█████▏    | 1423/2769 [53:51<51:06,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.056568] 51%|█████▏    | 1424/2769 [53:51<51:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.056568] 51%|█████▏    | 1424/2769 [53:53<51:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.031310] 51%|█████▏    | 1425/2769 [53:53<51:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.031310] 51%|█████▏    | 1425/2769 [53:56<51:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.008558] 51%|█████▏    | 1426/2769 [53:56<51:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=48.008558] 51%|█████▏    | 1426/2769 [53:58<51:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.986720] 52%|█████▏    | 1427/2769 [53:58<51:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.986720] 52%|█████▏    | 1427/2769 [54:00<51:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.963631] 52%|█████▏    | 1428/2769 [54:00<51:26,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.963631] 52%|█████▏    | 1428/2769 [54:03<51:26,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.937117] 52%|█████▏    | 1429/2769 [54:03<51:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.937117] 52%|█████▏    | 1429/2769 [54:05<51:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.912902] 52%|█████▏    | 1430/2769 [54:05<51:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.912902] 52%|█████▏    | 1430/2769 [54:07<51:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.888578] 52%|█████▏    | 1431/2769 [54:07<51:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.888578] 52%|█████▏    | 1431/2769 [54:09<51:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.866791] 52%|█████▏    | 1432/2769 [54:09<51:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.866791] 52%|█████▏    | 1432/2769 [54:12<51:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.843919] 52%|█████▏    | 1433/2769 [54:12<51:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.843919] 52%|█████▏    | 1433/2769 [54:14<51:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.822728] 52%|█████▏    | 1434/2769 [54:14<51:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.822728] 52%|█████▏    | 1434/2769 [54:16<51:15,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.798734] 52%|█████▏    | 1435/2769 [54:16<51:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.798734] 52%|█████▏    | 1435/2769 [54:19<51:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.775903] 52%|█████▏    | 1436/2769 [54:19<51:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.775903] 52%|█████▏    | 1436/2769 [54:21<51:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.754172] 52%|█████▏    | 1437/2769 [54:21<51:14,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.754172] 52%|█████▏    | 1437/2769 [54:23<51:14,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.728915] 52%|█████▏    | 1438/2769 [54:23<51:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.728915] 52%|█████▏    | 1438/2769 [54:26<51:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.706332] 52%|█████▏    | 1439/2769 [54:26<51:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.706332] 52%|█████▏    | 1439/2769 [54:28<51:13,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.690071] 52%|█████▏    | 1440/2769 [54:28<51:11,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.690071] 52%|█████▏    | 1440/2769 [54:30<51:11,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.664372] 52%|█████▏    | 1441/2769 [54:30<51:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.664372] 52%|█████▏    | 1441/2769 [54:33<51:05,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.643582] 52%|█████▏    | 1442/2769 [54:33<51:01,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.643582] 52%|█████▏    | 1442/2769 [54:35<51:01,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.624778] 52%|█████▏    | 1443/2769 [54:35<50:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.624778] 52%|█████▏    | 1443/2769 [54:37<50:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.601807] 52%|█████▏    | 1444/2769 [54:37<51:01,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.601807] 52%|█████▏    | 1444/2769 [54:40<51:01,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.577442] 52%|█████▏    | 1445/2769 [54:40<50:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.577442] 52%|█████▏    | 1445/2769 [54:42<50:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.552180] 52%|█████▏    | 1446/2769 [54:42<50:57,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.552180] 52%|█████▏    | 1446/2769 [54:44<50:57,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.529574] 52%|█████▏    | 1447/2769 [54:44<50:57,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.529574] 52%|█████▏    | 1447/2769 [54:46<50:57,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.506373] 52%|█████▏    | 1448/2769 [54:46<50:54,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.506373] 52%|█████▏    | 1448/2769 [54:49<50:54,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.484962] 52%|█████▏    | 1449/2769 [54:49<50:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.484962] 52%|█████▏    | 1449/2769 [54:51<50:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.460067] 52%|█████▏    | 1450/2769 [54:51<50:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.460067] 52%|█████▏    | 1450/2769 [54:53<50:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.437836] 52%|█████▏    | 1451/2769 [54:53<50:48,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.437836] 52%|█████▏    | 1451/2769 [54:56<50:48,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.413162] 52%|█████▏    | 1452/2769 [54:56<51:16,  2.34s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.413162] 52%|█████▏    | 1452/2769 [54:58<51:16,  2.34s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.395692] 52%|█████▏    | 1453/2769 [54:58<50:47,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.395692] 52%|█████▏    | 1453/2769 [55:00<50:47,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.373087] 53%|█████▎    | 1454/2769 [55:00<50:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.373087] 53%|█████▎    | 1454/2769 [55:03<50:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.349159] 53%|█████▎    | 1455/2769 [55:03<50:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.349159] 53%|█████▎    | 1455/2769 [55:05<50:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.326599] 53%|█████▎    | 1456/2769 [55:05<49:58,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.326599] 53%|█████▎    | 1456/2769 [55:07<49:58,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.303654] 53%|█████▎    | 1457/2769 [55:07<49:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.303654] 53%|█████▎    | 1457/2769 [55:09<49:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.279757] 53%|█████▎    | 1458/2769 [55:09<49:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.279757] 53%|█████▎    | 1458/2769 [55:12<49:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.259619] 53%|█████▎    | 1459/2769 [55:12<49:48,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.259619] 53%|█████▎    | 1459/2769 [55:14<49:48,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.235954] 53%|█████▎    | 1460/2769 [55:14<49:46,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.235954] 53%|█████▎    | 1460/2769 [55:16<49:46,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.215158] 53%|█████▎    | 1461/2769 [55:16<49:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.215158] 53%|█████▎    | 1461/2769 [55:19<49:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.192984] 53%|█████▎    | 1462/2769 [55:19<49:38,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.192984] 53%|█████▎    | 1462/2769 [55:21<49:38,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.169228] 53%|█████▎    | 1463/2769 [55:21<49:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.169228] 53%|█████▎    | 1463/2769 [55:23<49:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.147673] 53%|█████▎    | 1464/2769 [55:23<49:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.147673] 53%|█████▎    | 1464/2769 [55:25<49:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.122294] 53%|█████▎    | 1465/2769 [55:25<49:42,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.122294] 53%|█████▎    | 1465/2769 [55:28<49:42,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.098257] 53%|█████▎    | 1466/2769 [55:28<49:45,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.098257] 53%|█████▎    | 1466/2769 [55:30<49:45,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.072701] 53%|█████▎    | 1467/2769 [55:30<49:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.072701] 53%|█████▎    | 1467/2769 [55:32<49:39,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.047445] 53%|█████▎    | 1468/2769 [55:32<49:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.047445] 53%|█████▎    | 1468/2769 [55:35<49:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.022676] 53%|█████▎    | 1469/2769 [55:35<49:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.022676] 53%|█████▎    | 1469/2769 [55:37<49:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.001523] 53%|█████▎    | 1470/2769 [55:37<49:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=47.001523] 53%|█████▎    | 1470/2769 [55:39<49:30,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.978409] 53%|█████▎    | 1471/2769 [55:39<49:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.978409] 53%|█████▎    | 1471/2769 [55:41<49:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.958127] 53%|█████▎    | 1472/2769 [55:41<49:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.958127] 53%|█████▎    | 1472/2769 [55:44<49:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.939276] 53%|█████▎    | 1473/2769 [55:44<49:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.939276] 53%|█████▎    | 1473/2769 [55:46<49:24,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.917092] 53%|█████▎    | 1474/2769 [55:46<49:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.917092] 53%|█████▎    | 1474/2769 [55:48<49:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.895555] 53%|█████▎    | 1475/2769 [55:48<49:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.895555] 53%|█████▎    | 1475/2769 [55:51<49:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.870214] 53%|█████▎    | 1476/2769 [55:51<49:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.870214] 53%|█████▎    | 1476/2769 [55:53<49:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.842500] 53%|█████▎    | 1477/2769 [55:53<49:08,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.842500] 53%|█████▎    | 1477/2769 [55:55<49:08,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.824889] 53%|█████▎    | 1478/2769 [55:55<49:02,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.824889] 53%|█████▎    | 1478/2769 [55:57<49:02,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.805666] 53%|█████▎    | 1479/2769 [55:57<48:53,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.805666] 53%|█████▎    | 1479/2769 [56:00<48:53,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.785152] 53%|█████▎    | 1480/2769 [56:00<48:49,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.785152] 53%|█████▎    | 1480/2769 [56:02<48:49,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.764263] 53%|█████▎    | 1481/2769 [56:02<48:45,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.764263] 53%|█████▎    | 1481/2769 [56:04<48:45,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.738884] 54%|█████▎    | 1482/2769 [56:04<48:39,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.738884] 54%|█████▎    | 1482/2769 [56:06<48:39,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.715053] 54%|█████▎    | 1483/2769 [56:06<48:33,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.715053] 54%|█████▎    | 1483/2769 [56:09<48:33,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.697302] 54%|█████▎    | 1484/2769 [56:09<48:30,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.697302] 54%|█████▎    | 1484/2769 [56:11<48:30,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.673944] 54%|█████▎    | 1485/2769 [56:11<48:26,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.673944] 54%|█████▎    | 1485/2769 [56:13<48:26,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.652575] 54%|█████▎    | 1486/2769 [56:13<48:26,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.652575] 54%|█████▎    | 1486/2769 [56:15<48:26,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.631390] 54%|█████▎    | 1487/2769 [56:15<48:30,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.631390] 54%|█████▎    | 1487/2769 [56:18<48:30,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.612718] 54%|█████▎    | 1488/2769 [56:18<48:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.612718] 54%|█████▎    | 1488/2769 [56:20<48:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.591021] 54%|█████▍    | 1489/2769 [56:20<48:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.591021] 54%|█████▍    | 1489/2769 [56:22<48:35,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.568446] 54%|█████▍    | 1490/2769 [56:22<48:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.568446] 54%|█████▍    | 1490/2769 [56:25<48:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.547529] 54%|█████▍    | 1491/2769 [56:25<48:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.547529] 54%|█████▍    | 1491/2769 [56:27<48:33,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.523959] 54%|█████▍    | 1492/2769 [56:27<48:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.523959] 54%|█████▍    | 1492/2769 [56:29<48:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.499582] 54%|█████▍    | 1493/2769 [56:29<48:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.499582] 54%|█████▍    | 1493/2769 [56:31<48:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.479090] 54%|█████▍    | 1494/2769 [56:31<48:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.479090] 54%|█████▍    | 1494/2769 [56:34<48:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.458066] 54%|█████▍    | 1495/2769 [56:34<48:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.458066] 54%|█████▍    | 1495/2769 [56:36<48:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.434265] 54%|█████▍    | 1496/2769 [56:36<48:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.434265] 54%|█████▍    | 1496/2769 [56:38<48:25,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.412701] 54%|█████▍    | 1497/2769 [56:38<48:29,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.412701] 54%|█████▍    | 1497/2769 [56:41<48:29,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.390908] 54%|█████▍    | 1498/2769 [56:41<48:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.390908] 54%|█████▍    | 1498/2769 [56:43<48:31,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.374601] 54%|█████▍    | 1499/2769 [56:43<48:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.374601] 54%|█████▍    | 1499/2769 [56:45<48:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.351950] 54%|█████▍    | 1500/2769 [56:45<48:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.351950] 54%|█████▍    | 1500/2769 [56:48<48:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.327917] 54%|█████▍    | 1501/2769 [56:48<48:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.327917] 54%|█████▍    | 1501/2769 [56:50<48:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.305181] 54%|█████▍    | 1502/2769 [56:50<48:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.305181] 54%|█████▍    | 1502/2769 [56:52<48:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.280263] 54%|█████▍    | 1503/2769 [56:52<48:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.280263] 54%|█████▍    | 1503/2769 [56:54<48:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.262430] 54%|█████▍    | 1504/2769 [56:54<48:19,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.262430] 54%|█████▍    | 1504/2769 [56:57<48:19,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.241999] 54%|█████▍    | 1505/2769 [56:57<48:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.241999] 54%|█████▍    | 1505/2769 [56:59<48:18,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.222370] 54%|█████▍    | 1506/2769 [56:59<48:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.222370] 54%|█████▍    | 1506/2769 [57:01<48:16,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.197406] 54%|█████▍    | 1507/2769 [57:01<48:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.197406] 54%|█████▍    | 1507/2769 [57:04<48:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.174173] 54%|█████▍    | 1508/2769 [57:04<48:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.174173] 54%|█████▍    | 1508/2769 [57:06<48:10,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.153914] 54%|█████▍    | 1509/2769 [57:06<48:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.153914] 54%|█████▍    | 1509/2769 [57:08<48:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.132200] 55%|█████▍    | 1510/2769 [57:08<48:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.132200] 55%|█████▍    | 1510/2769 [57:10<48:06,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.108626] 55%|█████▍    | 1511/2769 [57:10<47:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.108626] 55%|█████▍    | 1511/2769 [57:13<47:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.091686] 55%|█████▍    | 1512/2769 [57:13<48:02,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.091686] 55%|█████▍    | 1512/2769 [57:15<48:02,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.067662] 55%|█████▍    | 1513/2769 [57:15<47:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.067662] 55%|█████▍    | 1513/2769 [57:17<47:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.045674] 55%|█████▍    | 1514/2769 [57:17<47:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.045674] 55%|█████▍    | 1514/2769 [57:20<47:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.021978] 55%|█████▍    | 1515/2769 [57:20<47:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.021978] 55%|█████▍    | 1515/2769 [57:22<47:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.001139] 55%|█████▍    | 1516/2769 [57:22<47:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=46.001139] 55%|█████▍    | 1516/2769 [57:24<47:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.977511] 55%|█████▍    | 1517/2769 [57:24<47:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.977511] 55%|█████▍    | 1517/2769 [57:26<47:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.956498] 55%|█████▍    | 1518/2769 [57:26<47:41,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.956498] 55%|█████▍    | 1518/2769 [57:29<47:41,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.936548] 55%|█████▍    | 1519/2769 [57:29<47:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.936548] 55%|█████▍    | 1519/2769 [57:31<47:34,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.916242] 55%|█████▍    | 1520/2769 [57:31<47:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.916242] 55%|█████▍    | 1520/2769 [57:33<47:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.900172] 55%|█████▍    | 1521/2769 [57:33<47:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.900172] 55%|█████▍    | 1521/2769 [57:36<47:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.875388] 55%|█████▍    | 1522/2769 [57:36<47:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.875388] 55%|█████▍    | 1522/2769 [57:38<47:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.853840] 55%|█████▌    | 1523/2769 [57:38<47:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.853840] 55%|█████▌    | 1523/2769 [57:40<47:35,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.838944] 55%|█████▌    | 1524/2769 [57:40<47:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.838944] 55%|█████▌    | 1524/2769 [57:42<47:33,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.819704] 55%|█████▌    | 1525/2769 [57:42<47:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.819704] 55%|█████▌    | 1525/2769 [57:45<47:26,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.794586] 55%|█████▌    | 1526/2769 [57:45<47:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.794586] 55%|█████▌    | 1526/2769 [57:47<47:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.776839] 55%|█████▌    | 1527/2769 [57:47<47:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.776839] 55%|█████▌    | 1527/2769 [57:49<47:22,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.754261] 55%|█████▌    | 1528/2769 [57:49<47:15,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.754261] 55%|█████▌    | 1528/2769 [57:52<47:15,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.733743] 55%|█████▌    | 1529/2769 [57:52<47:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.733743] 55%|█████▌    | 1529/2769 [57:54<47:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.713663] 55%|█████▌    | 1530/2769 [57:54<47:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.713663] 55%|█████▌    | 1530/2769 [57:56<47:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.692560] 55%|█████▌    | 1531/2769 [57:56<47:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.692560] 55%|█████▌    | 1531/2769 [57:59<47:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.673269] 55%|█████▌    | 1532/2769 [57:59<47:40,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.673269] 55%|█████▌    | 1532/2769 [58:01<47:40,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.652086] 55%|█████▌    | 1533/2769 [58:01<47:34,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.652086] 55%|█████▌    | 1533/2769 [58:03<47:34,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.630852] 55%|█████▌    | 1534/2769 [58:03<47:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.630852] 55%|█████▌    | 1534/2769 [58:05<47:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.608569] 55%|█████▌    | 1535/2769 [58:05<47:21,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.608569] 55%|█████▌    | 1535/2769 [58:08<47:21,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.585993] 55%|█████▌    | 1536/2769 [58:08<47:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.585993] 55%|█████▌    | 1536/2769 [58:10<47:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.561368] 56%|█████▌    | 1537/2769 [58:10<47:09,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.561368] 56%|█████▌    | 1537/2769 [58:12<47:09,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.539459] 56%|█████▌    | 1538/2769 [58:12<47:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.539459] 56%|█████▌    | 1538/2769 [58:15<47:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.516838] 56%|█████▌    | 1539/2769 [58:15<47:02,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.516838] 56%|█████▌    | 1539/2769 [58:17<47:02,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.493052] 56%|█████▌    | 1540/2769 [58:17<46:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.493052] 56%|█████▌    | 1540/2769 [58:19<46:59,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.471926] 56%|█████▌    | 1541/2769 [58:19<46:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.471926] 56%|█████▌    | 1541/2769 [58:22<46:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.455369] 56%|█████▌    | 1542/2769 [58:22<46:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.455369] 56%|█████▌    | 1542/2769 [58:24<46:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.431266] 56%|█████▌    | 1543/2769 [58:24<46:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.431266] 56%|█████▌    | 1543/2769 [58:26<46:49,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.409202] 56%|█████▌    | 1544/2769 [58:26<46:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.409202] 56%|█████▌    | 1544/2769 [58:28<46:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.387534] 56%|█████▌    | 1545/2769 [58:28<46:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.387534] 56%|█████▌    | 1545/2769 [58:31<46:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.365914] 56%|█████▌    | 1546/2769 [58:31<46:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.365914] 56%|█████▌    | 1546/2769 [58:33<46:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.346941] 56%|█████▌    | 1547/2769 [58:33<46:51,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.346941] 56%|█████▌    | 1547/2769 [58:35<46:51,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.324523] 56%|█████▌    | 1548/2769 [58:35<46:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.324523] 56%|█████▌    | 1548/2769 [58:38<46:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.301461] 56%|█████▌    | 1549/2769 [58:38<46:45,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.301461] 56%|█████▌    | 1549/2769 [58:40<46:45,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.279747] 56%|█████▌    | 1550/2769 [58:40<46:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.279747] 56%|█████▌    | 1550/2769 [58:42<46:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.257729] 56%|█████▌    | 1551/2769 [58:42<46:44,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.257729] 56%|█████▌    | 1551/2769 [58:45<46:44,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.238728] 56%|█████▌    | 1552/2769 [58:45<46:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.238728] 56%|█████▌    | 1552/2769 [58:47<46:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.223024] 56%|█████▌    | 1553/2769 [58:47<46:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.223024] 56%|█████▌    | 1553/2769 [58:49<46:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.202287] 56%|█████▌    | 1554/2769 [58:49<46:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.202287] 56%|█████▌    | 1554/2769 [58:51<46:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.184006] 56%|█████▌    | 1555/2769 [58:51<46:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.184006] 56%|█████▌    | 1555/2769 [58:54<46:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.163601] 56%|█████▌    | 1556/2769 [58:54<46:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.163601] 56%|█████▌    | 1556/2769 [58:56<46:32,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.141063] 56%|█████▌    | 1557/2769 [58:56<46:33,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.141063] 56%|█████▌    | 1557/2769 [58:58<46:33,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.119314] 56%|█████▋    | 1558/2769 [58:58<46:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.119314] 56%|█████▋    | 1558/2769 [59:01<46:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.099327] 56%|█████▋    | 1559/2769 [59:01<46:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.099327] 56%|█████▋    | 1559/2769 [59:03<46:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.079836] 56%|█████▋    | 1560/2769 [59:03<46:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.079836] 56%|█████▋    | 1560/2769 [59:05<46:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.063051] 56%|█████▋    | 1561/2769 [59:05<46:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.063051] 56%|█████▋    | 1561/2769 [59:08<46:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.041971] 56%|█████▋    | 1562/2769 [59:08<46:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.041971] 56%|█████▋    | 1562/2769 [59:10<46:16,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.021801] 56%|█████▋    | 1563/2769 [59:10<46:11,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.021801] 56%|█████▋    | 1563/2769 [59:12<46:11,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.003824] 56%|█████▋    | 1564/2769 [59:12<46:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=45.003824] 56%|█████▋    | 1564/2769 [59:14<46:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.984381] 57%|█████▋    | 1565/2769 [59:14<46:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.984381] 57%|█████▋    | 1565/2769 [59:17<46:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.962240] 57%|█████▋    | 1566/2769 [59:17<46:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.962240] 57%|█████▋    | 1566/2769 [59:19<46:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.941588] 57%|█████▋    | 1567/2769 [59:19<46:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.941588] 57%|█████▋    | 1567/2769 [59:21<46:05,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.920213] 57%|█████▋    | 1568/2769 [59:21<45:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.920213] 57%|█████▋    | 1568/2769 [59:24<45:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.897450] 57%|█████▋    | 1569/2769 [59:24<45:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.897450] 57%|█████▋    | 1569/2769 [59:26<45:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.877190] 57%|█████▋    | 1570/2769 [59:26<45:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.877190] 57%|█████▋    | 1570/2769 [59:28<45:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.859292] 57%|█████▋    | 1571/2769 [59:28<45:50,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.859292] 57%|█████▋    | 1571/2769 [59:31<45:50,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.841559] 57%|█████▋    | 1572/2769 [59:31<45:50,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.841559] 57%|█████▋    | 1572/2769 [59:33<45:50,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.820290] 57%|█████▋    | 1573/2769 [59:33<45:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.820290] 57%|█████▋    | 1573/2769 [59:35<45:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.802338] 57%|█████▋    | 1574/2769 [59:35<45:47,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.802338] 57%|█████▋    | 1574/2769 [59:37<45:47,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.778665] 57%|█████▋    | 1575/2769 [59:37<45:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.778665] 57%|█████▋    | 1575/2769 [59:40<45:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.757446] 57%|█████▋    | 1576/2769 [59:40<45:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.757446] 57%|█████▋    | 1576/2769 [59:42<45:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.736206] 57%|█████▋    | 1577/2769 [59:42<45:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.736206] 57%|█████▋    | 1577/2769 [59:44<45:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.715679] 57%|█████▋    | 1578/2769 [59:44<45:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.715679] 57%|█████▋    | 1578/2769 [59:47<45:37,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.695267] 57%|█████▋    | 1579/2769 [59:47<45:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.695267] 57%|█████▋    | 1579/2769 [59:49<45:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.672591] 57%|█████▋    | 1580/2769 [59:49<45:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.672591] 57%|█████▋    | 1580/2769 [59:51<45:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.653885] 57%|█████▋    | 1581/2769 [59:51<45:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.653885] 57%|█████▋    | 1581/2769 [59:53<45:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.633797] 57%|█████▋    | 1582/2769 [59:53<45:26,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.633797] 57%|█████▋    | 1582/2769 [59:56<45:26,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.614342] 57%|█████▋    | 1583/2769 [59:56<45:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.614342] 57%|█████▋    | 1583/2769 [59:58<45:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.594245] 57%|█████▋    | 1584/2769 [59:58<45:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.594245] 57%|█████▋    | 1584/2769 [1:00:00<45:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.571116] 57%|█████▋    | 1585/2769 [1:00:00<45:21,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.571116] 57%|█████▋    | 1585/2769 [1:00:03<45:21,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.549230] 57%|█████▋    | 1586/2769 [1:00:03<45:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.549230] 57%|█████▋    | 1586/2769 [1:00:05<45:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.530031] 57%|█████▋    | 1587/2769 [1:00:05<45:20,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.530031] 57%|█████▋    | 1587/2769 [1:00:07<45:20,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.508014] 57%|█████▋    | 1588/2769 [1:00:07<45:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.508014] 57%|█████▋    | 1588/2769 [1:00:10<45:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.490631] 57%|█████▋    | 1589/2769 [1:00:10<45:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.490631] 57%|█████▋    | 1589/2769 [1:00:12<45:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.469558] 57%|█████▋    | 1590/2769 [1:00:12<45:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.469558] 57%|█████▋    | 1590/2769 [1:00:14<45:13,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.446819] 57%|█████▋    | 1591/2769 [1:00:14<45:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.446819] 57%|█████▋    | 1591/2769 [1:00:16<45:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.429717] 57%|█████▋    | 1592/2769 [1:00:16<45:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.429717] 57%|█████▋    | 1592/2769 [1:00:19<45:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.407584] 58%|█████▊    | 1593/2769 [1:00:19<44:58,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.407584] 58%|█████▊    | 1593/2769 [1:00:21<44:58,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.388667] 58%|█████▊    | 1594/2769 [1:00:21<44:59,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.388667] 58%|█████▊    | 1594/2769 [1:00:23<44:59,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.368634] 58%|█████▊    | 1595/2769 [1:00:23<44:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.368634] 58%|█████▊    | 1595/2769 [1:00:26<44:53,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.352022] 58%|█████▊    | 1596/2769 [1:00:26<44:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.352022] 58%|█████▊    | 1596/2769 [1:00:28<44:57,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.330200] 58%|█████▊    | 1597/2769 [1:00:28<44:52,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.330200] 58%|█████▊    | 1597/2769 [1:00:30<44:52,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.312379] 58%|█████▊    | 1598/2769 [1:00:30<44:48,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.312379] 58%|█████▊    | 1598/2769 [1:00:33<44:48,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.290382] 58%|█████▊    | 1599/2769 [1:00:33<44:47,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.290382] 58%|█████▊    | 1599/2769 [1:00:35<44:47,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.270736] 58%|█████▊    | 1600/2769 [1:00:35<44:46,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.270736] 58%|█████▊    | 1600/2769 [1:00:37<44:46,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.250710] 58%|█████▊    | 1601/2769 [1:00:37<44:42,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.250710] 58%|█████▊    | 1601/2769 [1:00:39<44:42,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.226766] 58%|█████▊    | 1602/2769 [1:00:39<44:37,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.226766] 58%|█████▊    | 1602/2769 [1:00:42<44:37,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.207520] 58%|█████▊    | 1603/2769 [1:00:42<44:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.207520] 58%|█████▊    | 1603/2769 [1:00:44<44:36,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.189074] 58%|█████▊    | 1604/2769 [1:00:44<44:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.189074] 58%|█████▊    | 1604/2769 [1:00:46<44:40,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.170914] 58%|█████▊    | 1605/2769 [1:00:46<44:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.170914] 58%|█████▊    | 1605/2769 [1:00:49<44:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.156059] 58%|█████▊    | 1606/2769 [1:00:49<44:31,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.156059] 58%|█████▊    | 1606/2769 [1:00:51<44:31,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.133573] 58%|█████▊    | 1607/2769 [1:00:51<44:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.133573] 58%|█████▊    | 1607/2769 [1:00:53<44:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.115041] 58%|█████▊    | 1608/2769 [1:00:53<44:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.115041] 58%|█████▊    | 1608/2769 [1:00:56<44:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.094574] 58%|█████▊    | 1609/2769 [1:00:56<44:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.094574] 58%|█████▊    | 1609/2769 [1:00:58<44:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.074562] 58%|█████▊    | 1610/2769 [1:00:58<44:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.074562] 58%|█████▊    | 1610/2769 [1:01:00<44:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.053163] 58%|█████▊    | 1611/2769 [1:01:00<44:31,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.053163] 58%|█████▊    | 1611/2769 [1:01:02<44:31,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.030930] 58%|█████▊    | 1612/2769 [1:01:02<44:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.030930] 58%|█████▊    | 1612/2769 [1:01:05<44:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.012994] 58%|█████▊    | 1613/2769 [1:01:05<44:24,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=44.012994] 58%|█████▊    | 1613/2769 [1:01:07<44:24,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.991818] 58%|█████▊    | 1614/2769 [1:01:07<44:22,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.991818] 58%|█████▊    | 1614/2769 [1:01:09<44:22,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.974635] 58%|█████▊    | 1615/2769 [1:01:09<44:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.974635] 58%|█████▊    | 1615/2769 [1:01:12<44:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.954392] 58%|█████▊    | 1616/2769 [1:01:12<44:18,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.954392] 58%|█████▊    | 1616/2769 [1:01:14<44:18,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.938085] 58%|█████▊    | 1617/2769 [1:01:14<44:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.938085] 58%|█████▊    | 1617/2769 [1:01:16<44:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.917599] 58%|█████▊    | 1618/2769 [1:01:16<44:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.917599] 58%|█████▊    | 1618/2769 [1:01:19<44:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.899204] 58%|█████▊    | 1619/2769 [1:01:19<44:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.899204] 58%|█████▊    | 1619/2769 [1:01:21<44:07,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.878744] 59%|█████▊    | 1620/2769 [1:01:21<44:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.878744] 59%|█████▊    | 1620/2769 [1:01:23<44:04,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.858143] 59%|█████▊    | 1621/2769 [1:01:23<43:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.858143] 59%|█████▊    | 1621/2769 [1:01:25<43:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.839323] 59%|█████▊    | 1622/2769 [1:01:25<43:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.839323] 59%|█████▊    | 1622/2769 [1:01:28<43:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.819199] 59%|█████▊    | 1623/2769 [1:01:28<43:50,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.819199] 59%|█████▊    | 1623/2769 [1:01:30<43:50,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.801775] 59%|█████▊    | 1624/2769 [1:01:30<43:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.801775] 59%|█████▊    | 1624/2769 [1:01:32<43:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.781949] 59%|█████▊    | 1625/2769 [1:01:32<43:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.781949] 59%|█████▊    | 1625/2769 [1:01:35<43:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.763290] 59%|█████▊    | 1626/2769 [1:01:35<43:44,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.763290] 59%|█████▊    | 1626/2769 [1:01:37<43:44,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.741996] 59%|█████▉    | 1627/2769 [1:01:37<43:42,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.741996] 59%|█████▉    | 1627/2769 [1:01:39<43:42,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.725950] 59%|█████▉    | 1628/2769 [1:01:39<43:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.725950] 59%|█████▉    | 1628/2769 [1:01:42<43:41,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.708192] 59%|█████▉    | 1629/2769 [1:01:42<43:38,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.708192] 59%|█████▉    | 1629/2769 [1:01:44<43:38,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.688390] 59%|█████▉    | 1630/2769 [1:01:44<43:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.688390] 59%|█████▉    | 1630/2769 [1:01:46<43:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.670409] 59%|█████▉    | 1631/2769 [1:01:46<43:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.670409] 59%|█████▉    | 1631/2769 [1:01:48<43:35,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.648394] 59%|█████▉    | 1632/2769 [1:01:48<43:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.648394] 59%|█████▉    | 1632/2769 [1:01:51<43:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.627663] 59%|█████▉    | 1633/2769 [1:01:51<43:34,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.627663] 59%|█████▉    | 1633/2769 [1:01:53<43:34,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.606711] 59%|█████▉    | 1634/2769 [1:01:53<43:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.606711] 59%|█████▉    | 1634/2769 [1:01:55<43:33,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.587357] 59%|█████▉    | 1635/2769 [1:01:55<43:30,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.587357] 59%|█████▉    | 1635/2769 [1:01:58<43:30,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.569327] 59%|█████▉    | 1636/2769 [1:01:58<43:30,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.569327] 59%|█████▉    | 1636/2769 [1:02:00<43:30,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.553071] 59%|█████▉    | 1637/2769 [1:02:00<43:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.553071] 59%|█████▉    | 1637/2769 [1:02:02<43:29,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.535893] 59%|█████▉    | 1638/2769 [1:02:02<43:27,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.535893] 59%|█████▉    | 1638/2769 [1:02:05<43:27,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.517370] 59%|█████▉    | 1639/2769 [1:02:05<43:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.517370] 59%|█████▉    | 1639/2769 [1:02:07<43:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.497761] 59%|█████▉    | 1640/2769 [1:02:07<43:20,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.497761] 59%|█████▉    | 1640/2769 [1:02:09<43:20,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.477330] 59%|█████▉    | 1641/2769 [1:02:09<43:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.477330] 59%|█████▉    | 1641/2769 [1:02:11<43:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.459151] 59%|█████▉    | 1642/2769 [1:02:11<43:09,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.459151] 59%|█████▉    | 1642/2769 [1:02:14<43:09,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.442565] 59%|█████▉    | 1643/2769 [1:02:14<43:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.442565] 59%|█████▉    | 1643/2769 [1:02:16<43:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.422667] 59%|█████▉    | 1644/2769 [1:02:16<43:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.422667] 59%|█████▉    | 1644/2769 [1:02:18<43:08,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.401659] 59%|█████▉    | 1645/2769 [1:02:18<43:06,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.401659] 59%|█████▉    | 1645/2769 [1:02:21<43:06,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.384143] 59%|█████▉    | 1646/2769 [1:02:21<43:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.384143] 59%|█████▉    | 1646/2769 [1:02:23<43:08,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.364402] 59%|█████▉    | 1647/2769 [1:02:23<43:01,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.364402] 59%|█████▉    | 1647/2769 [1:02:25<43:01,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.344301] 60%|█████▉    | 1648/2769 [1:02:25<42:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.344301] 60%|█████▉    | 1648/2769 [1:02:28<42:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.322603] 60%|█████▉    | 1649/2769 [1:02:28<42:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.322603] 60%|█████▉    | 1649/2769 [1:02:30<42:55,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.305212] 60%|█████▉    | 1650/2769 [1:02:30<42:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.305212] 60%|█████▉    | 1650/2769 [1:02:32<42:53,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.287168] 60%|█████▉    | 1651/2769 [1:02:32<42:52,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.287168] 60%|█████▉    | 1651/2769 [1:02:34<42:52,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.265928] 60%|█████▉    | 1652/2769 [1:02:34<42:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.265928] 60%|█████▉    | 1652/2769 [1:02:37<42:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.249437] 60%|█████▉    | 1653/2769 [1:02:37<42:54,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.249437] 60%|█████▉    | 1653/2769 [1:02:39<42:54,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.232099] 60%|█████▉    | 1654/2769 [1:02:39<42:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.232099] 60%|█████▉    | 1654/2769 [1:02:41<42:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.215793] 60%|█████▉    | 1655/2769 [1:02:41<42:49,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.215793] 60%|█████▉    | 1655/2769 [1:02:44<42:49,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.199239] 60%|█████▉    | 1656/2769 [1:02:44<42:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.199239] 60%|█████▉    | 1656/2769 [1:02:46<42:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.184933] 60%|█████▉    | 1657/2769 [1:02:46<42:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.184933] 60%|█████▉    | 1657/2769 [1:02:48<42:51,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.164415] 60%|█████▉    | 1658/2769 [1:02:48<42:53,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.164415] 60%|█████▉    | 1658/2769 [1:02:51<42:53,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.145234] 60%|█████▉    | 1659/2769 [1:02:51<42:54,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.145234] 60%|█████▉    | 1659/2769 [1:02:53<42:54,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.128618] 60%|█████▉    | 1660/2769 [1:02:53<42:49,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.128618] 60%|█████▉    | 1660/2769 [1:02:55<42:49,  2.32s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.113482] 60%|█████▉    | 1661/2769 [1:02:55<42:39,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.113482] 60%|█████▉    | 1661/2769 [1:02:58<42:39,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.092732] 60%|██████    | 1662/2769 [1:02:58<42:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.092732] 60%|██████    | 1662/2769 [1:03:00<42:28,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.073962] 60%|██████    | 1663/2769 [1:03:00<42:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.073962] 60%|██████    | 1663/2769 [1:03:02<42:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.057241] 60%|██████    | 1664/2769 [1:03:02<42:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.057241] 60%|██████    | 1664/2769 [1:03:04<42:23,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.039875] 60%|██████    | 1665/2769 [1:03:04<42:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.039875] 60%|██████    | 1665/2769 [1:03:07<42:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.019919] 60%|██████    | 1666/2769 [1:03:07<42:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.019919] 60%|██████    | 1666/2769 [1:03:09<42:17,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.004505] 60%|██████    | 1667/2769 [1:03:09<42:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=43.004505] 60%|██████    | 1667/2769 [1:03:11<42:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.988084] 60%|██████    | 1668/2769 [1:03:11<42:10,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.988084] 60%|██████    | 1668/2769 [1:03:14<42:10,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.970827] 60%|██████    | 1669/2769 [1:03:14<42:09,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.970827] 60%|██████    | 1669/2769 [1:03:16<42:09,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.952391] 60%|██████    | 1670/2769 [1:03:16<42:06,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.952391] 60%|██████    | 1670/2769 [1:03:18<42:06,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.934334] 60%|██████    | 1671/2769 [1:03:18<41:58,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.934334] 60%|██████    | 1671/2769 [1:03:21<41:58,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.914761] 60%|██████    | 1672/2769 [1:03:21<42:01,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.914761] 60%|██████    | 1672/2769 [1:03:23<42:01,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.896224] 60%|██████    | 1673/2769 [1:03:23<41:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.896224] 60%|██████    | 1673/2769 [1:03:25<41:56,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.879282] 60%|██████    | 1674/2769 [1:03:25<41:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.879282] 60%|██████    | 1674/2769 [1:03:27<41:54,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.859557] 60%|██████    | 1675/2769 [1:03:27<41:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.859557] 60%|██████    | 1675/2769 [1:03:30<41:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.840880] 61%|██████    | 1676/2769 [1:03:30<41:48,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.840880] 61%|██████    | 1676/2769 [1:03:32<41:48,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.820106] 61%|██████    | 1677/2769 [1:03:32<41:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.820106] 61%|██████    | 1677/2769 [1:03:34<41:44,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.803613] 61%|██████    | 1678/2769 [1:03:34<41:43,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.803613] 61%|██████    | 1678/2769 [1:03:37<41:43,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.788171] 61%|██████    | 1679/2769 [1:03:37<41:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.788171] 61%|██████    | 1679/2769 [1:03:39<41:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.767507] 61%|██████    | 1680/2769 [1:03:39<41:05,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.767507] 61%|██████    | 1680/2769 [1:03:41<41:05,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.749248] 61%|██████    | 1681/2769 [1:03:41<40:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.749248] 61%|██████    | 1681/2769 [1:03:43<40:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.731216] 61%|██████    | 1682/2769 [1:03:43<40:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.731216] 61%|██████    | 1682/2769 [1:03:46<40:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.711198] 61%|██████    | 1683/2769 [1:03:46<40:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.711198] 61%|██████    | 1683/2769 [1:03:48<40:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.697646] 61%|██████    | 1684/2769 [1:03:48<40:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.697646] 61%|██████    | 1684/2769 [1:03:50<40:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.678540] 61%|██████    | 1685/2769 [1:03:50<40:33,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.678540] 61%|██████    | 1685/2769 [1:03:52<40:33,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.660898] 61%|██████    | 1686/2769 [1:03:52<40:26,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.660898] 61%|██████    | 1686/2769 [1:03:54<40:26,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.642019] 61%|██████    | 1687/2769 [1:03:54<40:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.642019] 61%|██████    | 1687/2769 [1:03:57<40:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.621319] 61%|██████    | 1688/2769 [1:03:57<40:20,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.621319] 61%|██████    | 1688/2769 [1:03:59<40:20,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.605645] 61%|██████    | 1689/2769 [1:03:59<40:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.605645] 61%|██████    | 1689/2769 [1:04:01<40:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.586775] 61%|██████    | 1690/2769 [1:04:01<40:15,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.586775] 61%|██████    | 1690/2769 [1:04:03<40:15,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.567843] 61%|██████    | 1691/2769 [1:04:03<40:08,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.567843] 61%|██████    | 1691/2769 [1:04:06<40:08,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.551171] 61%|██████    | 1692/2769 [1:04:06<40:10,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.551171] 61%|██████    | 1692/2769 [1:04:08<40:10,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.531998] 61%|██████    | 1693/2769 [1:04:08<40:06,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.531998] 61%|██████    | 1693/2769 [1:04:10<40:06,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.514673] 61%|██████    | 1694/2769 [1:04:10<40:06,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.514673] 61%|██████    | 1694/2769 [1:04:12<40:06,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.497241] 61%|██████    | 1695/2769 [1:04:12<40:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.497241] 61%|██████    | 1695/2769 [1:04:15<40:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.478278] 61%|██████    | 1696/2769 [1:04:15<39:59,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.478278] 61%|██████    | 1696/2769 [1:04:17<39:59,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.459276] 61%|██████▏   | 1697/2769 [1:04:17<39:55,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.459276] 61%|██████▏   | 1697/2769 [1:04:19<39:55,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.440447] 61%|██████▏   | 1698/2769 [1:04:19<39:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.440447] 61%|██████▏   | 1698/2769 [1:04:21<39:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.421714] 61%|██████▏   | 1699/2769 [1:04:21<39:45,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.421714] 61%|██████▏   | 1699/2769 [1:04:23<39:45,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.404013] 61%|██████▏   | 1700/2769 [1:04:23<39:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.404013] 61%|██████▏   | 1700/2769 [1:04:26<39:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.384830] 61%|██████▏   | 1701/2769 [1:04:26<39:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.384830] 61%|██████▏   | 1701/2769 [1:04:28<39:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.369620] 61%|██████▏   | 1702/2769 [1:04:28<39:37,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.369620] 61%|██████▏   | 1702/2769 [1:04:30<39:37,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.353327] 62%|██████▏   | 1703/2769 [1:04:30<39:36,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.353327] 62%|██████▏   | 1703/2769 [1:04:32<39:36,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.333857] 62%|██████▏   | 1704/2769 [1:04:32<39:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.333857] 62%|██████▏   | 1704/2769 [1:04:35<39:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.313875] 62%|██████▏   | 1705/2769 [1:04:35<39:32,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.313875] 62%|██████▏   | 1705/2769 [1:04:37<39:32,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.295308] 62%|██████▏   | 1706/2769 [1:04:37<39:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.295308] 62%|██████▏   | 1706/2769 [1:04:39<39:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.276422] 62%|██████▏   | 1707/2769 [1:04:39<39:26,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.276422] 62%|██████▏   | 1707/2769 [1:04:41<39:26,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.259830] 62%|██████▏   | 1708/2769 [1:04:41<39:21,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.259830] 62%|██████▏   | 1708/2769 [1:04:44<39:21,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.240518] 62%|██████▏   | 1709/2769 [1:04:44<39:21,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.240518] 62%|██████▏   | 1709/2769 [1:04:46<39:21,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.223308] 62%|██████▏   | 1710/2769 [1:04:46<39:24,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.223308] 62%|██████▏   | 1710/2769 [1:04:48<39:24,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.206710] 62%|██████▏   | 1711/2769 [1:04:48<39:23,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.206710] 62%|██████▏   | 1711/2769 [1:04:50<39:23,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.185896] 62%|██████▏   | 1712/2769 [1:04:50<39:18,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.185896] 62%|██████▏   | 1712/2769 [1:04:52<39:18,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.168832] 62%|██████▏   | 1713/2769 [1:04:52<39:18,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.168832] 62%|██████▏   | 1713/2769 [1:04:55<39:18,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.151542] 62%|██████▏   | 1714/2769 [1:04:55<39:16,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.151542] 62%|██████▏   | 1714/2769 [1:04:57<39:16,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.131105] 62%|██████▏   | 1715/2769 [1:04:57<39:15,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.131105] 62%|██████▏   | 1715/2769 [1:04:59<39:15,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.110743] 62%|██████▏   | 1716/2769 [1:04:59<39:10,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.110743] 62%|██████▏   | 1716/2769 [1:05:01<39:10,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.094289] 62%|██████▏   | 1717/2769 [1:05:01<39:07,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.094289] 62%|██████▏   | 1717/2769 [1:05:04<39:07,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.074398] 62%|██████▏   | 1718/2769 [1:05:04<39:06,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.074398] 62%|██████▏   | 1718/2769 [1:05:06<39:06,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.058421] 62%|██████▏   | 1719/2769 [1:05:06<39:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.058421] 62%|██████▏   | 1719/2769 [1:05:08<39:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.041193] 62%|██████▏   | 1720/2769 [1:05:08<39:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.041193] 62%|██████▏   | 1720/2769 [1:05:10<39:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.023395] 62%|██████▏   | 1721/2769 [1:05:10<38:59,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.023395] 62%|██████▏   | 1721/2769 [1:05:13<38:59,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.009766] 62%|██████▏   | 1722/2769 [1:05:13<39:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=42.009766] 62%|██████▏   | 1722/2769 [1:05:15<39:00,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.991338] 62%|██████▏   | 1723/2769 [1:05:15<38:57,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.991338] 62%|██████▏   | 1723/2769 [1:05:17<38:57,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.974798] 62%|██████▏   | 1724/2769 [1:05:17<38:53,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.974798] 62%|██████▏   | 1724/2769 [1:05:19<38:53,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.955632] 62%|██████▏   | 1725/2769 [1:05:19<38:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.955632] 62%|██████▏   | 1725/2769 [1:05:22<38:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.939714] 62%|██████▏   | 1726/2769 [1:05:22<38:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.939714] 62%|██████▏   | 1726/2769 [1:05:24<38:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.921309] 62%|██████▏   | 1727/2769 [1:05:24<38:47,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.921309] 62%|██████▏   | 1727/2769 [1:05:26<38:47,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.901043] 62%|██████▏   | 1728/2769 [1:05:26<38:46,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.901043] 62%|██████▏   | 1728/2769 [1:05:28<38:46,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.882261] 62%|██████▏   | 1729/2769 [1:05:28<38:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.882261] 62%|██████▏   | 1729/2769 [1:05:30<38:41,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.864372] 62%|██████▏   | 1730/2769 [1:05:30<38:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.864372] 62%|██████▏   | 1730/2769 [1:05:33<38:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.845471] 63%|██████▎   | 1731/2769 [1:05:33<38:38,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.845471] 63%|██████▎   | 1731/2769 [1:05:35<38:38,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.827162] 63%|██████▎   | 1732/2769 [1:05:35<38:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.827162] 63%|██████▎   | 1732/2769 [1:05:37<38:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.810526] 63%|██████▎   | 1733/2769 [1:05:37<38:36,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.810526] 63%|██████▎   | 1733/2769 [1:05:39<38:36,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.791239] 63%|██████▎   | 1734/2769 [1:05:39<38:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.791239] 63%|██████▎   | 1734/2769 [1:05:42<38:31,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.772165] 63%|██████▎   | 1735/2769 [1:05:42<38:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.772165] 63%|██████▎   | 1735/2769 [1:05:44<38:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.754865] 63%|██████▎   | 1736/2769 [1:05:44<38:29,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.754865] 63%|██████▎   | 1736/2769 [1:05:46<38:29,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.734871] 63%|██████▎   | 1737/2769 [1:05:46<38:26,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.734871] 63%|██████▎   | 1737/2769 [1:05:48<38:26,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.717100] 63%|██████▎   | 1738/2769 [1:05:48<38:23,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.717100] 63%|██████▎   | 1738/2769 [1:05:51<38:23,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.700320] 63%|██████▎   | 1739/2769 [1:05:51<38:27,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.700320] 63%|██████▎   | 1739/2769 [1:05:53<38:27,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.683057] 63%|██████▎   | 1740/2769 [1:05:53<38:25,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.683057] 63%|██████▎   | 1740/2769 [1:05:55<38:25,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.668659] 63%|██████▎   | 1741/2769 [1:05:55<38:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.668659] 63%|██████▎   | 1741/2769 [1:05:57<38:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.651692] 63%|██████▎   | 1742/2769 [1:05:57<38:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.651692] 63%|██████▎   | 1742/2769 [1:06:00<38:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.633627] 63%|██████▎   | 1743/2769 [1:06:00<38:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.633627] 63%|██████▎   | 1743/2769 [1:06:02<38:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.617270] 63%|██████▎   | 1744/2769 [1:06:02<38:15,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.617270] 63%|██████▎   | 1744/2769 [1:06:04<38:15,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.600578] 63%|██████▎   | 1745/2769 [1:06:04<38:12,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.600578] 63%|██████▎   | 1745/2769 [1:06:06<38:12,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.586670] 63%|██████▎   | 1746/2769 [1:06:06<38:08,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.586670] 63%|██████▎   | 1746/2769 [1:06:08<38:08,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.569072] 63%|██████▎   | 1747/2769 [1:06:08<38:04,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.569072] 63%|██████▎   | 1747/2769 [1:06:11<38:04,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.552596] 63%|██████▎   | 1748/2769 [1:06:11<38:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.552596] 63%|██████▎   | 1748/2769 [1:06:13<38:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.536012] 63%|██████▎   | 1749/2769 [1:06:13<38:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.536012] 63%|██████▎   | 1749/2769 [1:06:15<38:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.518072] 63%|██████▎   | 1750/2769 [1:06:15<37:58,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.518072] 63%|██████▎   | 1750/2769 [1:06:17<37:58,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.501612] 63%|██████▎   | 1751/2769 [1:06:17<37:55,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.501612] 63%|██████▎   | 1751/2769 [1:06:20<37:55,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.486295] 63%|██████▎   | 1752/2769 [1:06:20<37:56,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.486295] 63%|██████▎   | 1752/2769 [1:06:22<37:56,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.468787] 63%|██████▎   | 1753/2769 [1:06:22<37:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.468787] 63%|██████▎   | 1753/2769 [1:06:24<37:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.449383] 63%|██████▎   | 1754/2769 [1:06:24<37:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.449383] 63%|██████▎   | 1754/2769 [1:06:26<37:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.432943] 63%|██████▎   | 1755/2769 [1:06:26<37:45,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.432943] 63%|██████▎   | 1755/2769 [1:06:29<37:45,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.415352] 63%|██████▎   | 1756/2769 [1:06:29<37:47,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.415352] 63%|██████▎   | 1756/2769 [1:06:31<37:47,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.397428] 63%|██████▎   | 1757/2769 [1:06:31<37:46,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.397428] 63%|██████▎   | 1757/2769 [1:06:33<37:46,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.381641] 63%|██████▎   | 1758/2769 [1:06:33<37:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.381641] 63%|██████▎   | 1758/2769 [1:06:35<37:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.368570] 64%|██████▎   | 1759/2769 [1:06:35<37:40,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.368570] 64%|██████▎   | 1759/2769 [1:06:38<37:40,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.349333] 64%|██████▎   | 1760/2769 [1:06:38<37:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.349333] 64%|██████▎   | 1760/2769 [1:06:40<37:34,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.333894] 64%|██████▎   | 1761/2769 [1:06:40<37:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.333894] 64%|██████▎   | 1761/2769 [1:06:42<37:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.318238] 64%|██████▎   | 1762/2769 [1:06:42<37:33,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.318238] 64%|██████▎   | 1762/2769 [1:06:44<37:33,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.300034] 64%|██████▎   | 1763/2769 [1:06:44<37:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.300034] 64%|██████▎   | 1763/2769 [1:06:47<37:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.281004] 64%|██████▎   | 1764/2769 [1:06:47<37:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.281004] 64%|██████▎   | 1764/2769 [1:06:49<37:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.260818] 64%|██████▎   | 1765/2769 [1:06:49<37:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.260818] 64%|██████▎   | 1765/2769 [1:06:51<37:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.243996] 64%|██████▍   | 1766/2769 [1:06:51<37:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.243996] 64%|██████▍   | 1766/2769 [1:06:53<37:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.225728] 64%|██████▍   | 1767/2769 [1:06:53<37:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.225728] 64%|██████▍   | 1767/2769 [1:06:56<37:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.207151] 64%|██████▍   | 1768/2769 [1:06:56<37:26,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.207151] 64%|██████▍   | 1768/2769 [1:06:58<37:26,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.188178] 64%|██████▍   | 1769/2769 [1:06:58<37:21,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.188178] 64%|██████▍   | 1769/2769 [1:07:00<37:21,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.172657] 64%|██████▍   | 1770/2769 [1:07:00<37:22,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.172657] 64%|██████▍   | 1770/2769 [1:07:02<37:22,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.155788] 64%|██████▍   | 1771/2769 [1:07:02<37:18,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.155788] 64%|██████▍   | 1771/2769 [1:07:04<37:18,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.138652] 64%|██████▍   | 1772/2769 [1:07:04<37:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.138652] 64%|██████▍   | 1772/2769 [1:07:07<37:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.121418] 64%|██████▍   | 1773/2769 [1:07:07<37:11,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.121418] 64%|██████▍   | 1773/2769 [1:07:09<37:11,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.105463] 64%|██████▍   | 1774/2769 [1:07:09<37:06,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.105463] 64%|██████▍   | 1774/2769 [1:07:11<37:06,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.089133] 64%|██████▍   | 1775/2769 [1:07:11<37:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.089133] 64%|██████▍   | 1775/2769 [1:07:13<37:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.072946] 64%|██████▍   | 1776/2769 [1:07:13<37:02,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.072946] 64%|██████▍   | 1776/2769 [1:07:16<37:02,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.055864] 64%|██████▍   | 1777/2769 [1:07:16<37:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.055864] 64%|██████▍   | 1777/2769 [1:07:18<37:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.038882] 64%|██████▍   | 1778/2769 [1:07:18<36:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.038882] 64%|██████▍   | 1778/2769 [1:07:20<36:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.023169] 64%|██████▍   | 1779/2769 [1:07:20<36:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.023169] 64%|██████▍   | 1779/2769 [1:07:22<36:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.005151] 64%|██████▍   | 1780/2769 [1:07:22<36:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=41.005151] 64%|██████▍   | 1780/2769 [1:07:25<36:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.990332] 64%|██████▍   | 1781/2769 [1:07:25<36:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.990332] 64%|██████▍   | 1781/2769 [1:07:27<36:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.974252] 64%|██████▍   | 1782/2769 [1:07:27<36:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.974252] 64%|██████▍   | 1782/2769 [1:07:29<36:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.958502] 64%|██████▍   | 1783/2769 [1:07:29<36:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.958502] 64%|██████▍   | 1783/2769 [1:07:31<36:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.943884] 64%|██████▍   | 1784/2769 [1:07:31<36:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.943884] 64%|██████▍   | 1784/2769 [1:07:34<36:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.929693] 64%|██████▍   | 1785/2769 [1:07:34<36:41,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.929693] 64%|██████▍   | 1785/2769 [1:07:36<36:41,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.914191] 64%|██████▍   | 1786/2769 [1:07:36<36:46,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.914191] 64%|██████▍   | 1786/2769 [1:07:38<36:46,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.897618] 65%|██████▍   | 1787/2769 [1:07:38<36:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.897618] 65%|██████▍   | 1787/2769 [1:07:40<36:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.880829] 65%|██████▍   | 1788/2769 [1:07:40<36:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.880829] 65%|██████▍   | 1788/2769 [1:07:43<36:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.863911] 65%|██████▍   | 1789/2769 [1:07:43<36:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.863911] 65%|██████▍   | 1789/2769 [1:07:45<36:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.848461] 65%|██████▍   | 1790/2769 [1:07:45<36:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.848461] 65%|██████▍   | 1790/2769 [1:07:47<36:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.831993] 65%|██████▍   | 1791/2769 [1:07:47<36:27,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.831993] 65%|██████▍   | 1791/2769 [1:07:49<36:27,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.815639] 65%|██████▍   | 1792/2769 [1:07:49<36:24,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.815639] 65%|██████▍   | 1792/2769 [1:07:51<36:24,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.800781] 65%|██████▍   | 1793/2769 [1:07:51<36:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.800781] 65%|██████▍   | 1793/2769 [1:07:54<36:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.783596] 65%|██████▍   | 1794/2769 [1:07:54<36:24,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.783596] 65%|██████▍   | 1794/2769 [1:07:56<36:24,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.768833] 65%|██████▍   | 1795/2769 [1:07:56<36:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.768833] 65%|██████▍   | 1795/2769 [1:07:58<36:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.751819] 65%|██████▍   | 1796/2769 [1:07:58<36:19,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.751819] 65%|██████▍   | 1796/2769 [1:08:00<36:19,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.733488] 65%|██████▍   | 1797/2769 [1:08:00<36:13,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.733488] 65%|██████▍   | 1797/2769 [1:08:03<36:13,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.717157] 65%|██████▍   | 1798/2769 [1:08:03<36:11,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.717157] 65%|██████▍   | 1798/2769 [1:08:05<36:11,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.701195] 65%|██████▍   | 1799/2769 [1:08:05<36:10,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.701195] 65%|██████▍   | 1799/2769 [1:08:07<36:10,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.683468] 65%|██████▌   | 1800/2769 [1:08:07<36:08,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.683468] 65%|██████▌   | 1800/2769 [1:08:09<36:08,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.667084] 65%|██████▌   | 1801/2769 [1:08:09<36:02,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.667084] 65%|██████▌   | 1801/2769 [1:08:12<36:02,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.649944] 65%|██████▌   | 1802/2769 [1:08:12<36:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.649944] 65%|██████▌   | 1802/2769 [1:08:14<36:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.632376] 65%|██████▌   | 1803/2769 [1:08:14<36:25,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.632376] 65%|██████▌   | 1803/2769 [1:08:16<36:25,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.615452] 65%|██████▌   | 1804/2769 [1:08:16<36:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.615452] 65%|██████▌   | 1804/2769 [1:08:19<36:28,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.602479] 65%|██████▌   | 1805/2769 [1:08:19<36:29,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.602479] 65%|██████▌   | 1805/2769 [1:08:21<36:29,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.584606] 65%|██████▌   | 1806/2769 [1:08:21<36:31,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.584606] 65%|██████▌   | 1806/2769 [1:08:23<36:31,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.567927] 65%|██████▌   | 1807/2769 [1:08:23<36:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.567927] 65%|██████▌   | 1807/2769 [1:08:25<36:30,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.552038] 65%|██████▌   | 1808/2769 [1:08:25<36:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.552038] 65%|██████▌   | 1808/2769 [1:08:28<36:28,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.536402] 65%|██████▌   | 1809/2769 [1:08:28<36:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.536402] 65%|██████▌   | 1809/2769 [1:08:30<36:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.517968] 65%|██████▌   | 1810/2769 [1:08:30<36:26,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.517968] 65%|██████▌   | 1810/2769 [1:08:32<36:26,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.501767] 65%|██████▌   | 1811/2769 [1:08:32<36:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.501767] 65%|██████▌   | 1811/2769 [1:08:34<36:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.483777] 65%|██████▌   | 1812/2769 [1:08:34<36:19,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.483777] 65%|██████▌   | 1812/2769 [1:08:37<36:19,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.466901] 65%|██████▌   | 1813/2769 [1:08:37<36:20,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.466901] 65%|██████▌   | 1813/2769 [1:08:39<36:20,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.450018] 66%|██████▌   | 1814/2769 [1:08:39<36:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.450018] 66%|██████▌   | 1814/2769 [1:08:41<36:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.434222] 66%|██████▌   | 1815/2769 [1:08:41<36:15,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.434222] 66%|██████▌   | 1815/2769 [1:08:44<36:15,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.419449] 66%|██████▌   | 1816/2769 [1:08:44<36:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.419449] 66%|██████▌   | 1816/2769 [1:08:46<36:13,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.405034] 66%|██████▌   | 1817/2769 [1:08:46<36:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.405034] 66%|██████▌   | 1817/2769 [1:08:48<36:14,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.388061] 66%|██████▌   | 1818/2769 [1:08:48<36:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.388061] 66%|██████▌   | 1818/2769 [1:08:50<36:07,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.372193] 66%|██████▌   | 1819/2769 [1:08:50<36:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.372193] 66%|██████▌   | 1819/2769 [1:08:53<36:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.357108] 66%|██████▌   | 1820/2769 [1:08:53<36:04,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.357108] 66%|██████▌   | 1820/2769 [1:08:55<36:04,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.342638] 66%|██████▌   | 1821/2769 [1:08:55<36:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.342638] 66%|██████▌   | 1821/2769 [1:08:57<36:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.329005] 66%|██████▌   | 1822/2769 [1:08:57<36:01,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.329005] 66%|██████▌   | 1822/2769 [1:09:00<36:01,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.313596] 66%|██████▌   | 1823/2769 [1:09:00<35:56,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.313596] 66%|██████▌   | 1823/2769 [1:09:02<35:56,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.297798] 66%|██████▌   | 1824/2769 [1:09:02<35:55,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.297798] 66%|██████▌   | 1824/2769 [1:09:04<35:55,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.283249] 66%|██████▌   | 1825/2769 [1:09:04<35:55,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.283249] 66%|██████▌   | 1825/2769 [1:09:06<35:55,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.267716] 66%|██████▌   | 1826/2769 [1:09:06<35:51,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.267716] 66%|██████▌   | 1826/2769 [1:09:09<35:51,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.252706] 66%|██████▌   | 1827/2769 [1:09:09<35:49,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.252706] 66%|██████▌   | 1827/2769 [1:09:11<35:49,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.238093] 66%|██████▌   | 1828/2769 [1:09:11<35:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.238093] 66%|██████▌   | 1828/2769 [1:09:13<35:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.221168] 66%|██████▌   | 1829/2769 [1:09:13<35:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.221168] 66%|██████▌   | 1829/2769 [1:09:15<35:47,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.204535] 66%|██████▌   | 1830/2769 [1:09:15<35:23,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.204535] 66%|██████▌   | 1830/2769 [1:09:18<35:23,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.189201] 66%|██████▌   | 1831/2769 [1:09:18<35:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.189201] 66%|██████▌   | 1831/2769 [1:09:20<35:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.172055] 66%|██████▌   | 1832/2769 [1:09:20<35:04,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.172055] 66%|██████▌   | 1832/2769 [1:09:22<35:04,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.156889] 66%|██████▌   | 1833/2769 [1:09:22<34:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.156889] 66%|██████▌   | 1833/2769 [1:09:24<34:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.140896] 66%|██████▌   | 1834/2769 [1:09:24<34:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.140896] 66%|██████▌   | 1834/2769 [1:09:27<34:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.125252] 66%|██████▋   | 1835/2769 [1:09:27<34:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.125252] 66%|██████▋   | 1835/2769 [1:09:29<34:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.109031] 66%|██████▋   | 1836/2769 [1:09:29<34:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.109031] 66%|██████▋   | 1836/2769 [1:09:31<34:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.096296] 66%|██████▋   | 1837/2769 [1:09:31<34:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.096296] 66%|██████▋   | 1837/2769 [1:09:33<34:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.082421] 66%|██████▋   | 1838/2769 [1:09:33<34:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.082421] 66%|██████▋   | 1838/2769 [1:09:36<34:40,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.067764] 66%|██████▋   | 1839/2769 [1:09:36<34:33,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.067764] 66%|██████▋   | 1839/2769 [1:09:38<34:33,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.051618] 66%|██████▋   | 1840/2769 [1:09:38<34:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.051618] 66%|██████▋   | 1840/2769 [1:09:40<34:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.037664] 66%|██████▋   | 1841/2769 [1:09:40<34:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.037664] 66%|██████▋   | 1841/2769 [1:09:42<34:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.022658] 67%|██████▋   | 1842/2769 [1:09:42<34:12,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.022658] 67%|██████▋   | 1842/2769 [1:09:44<34:12,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.005718] 67%|██████▋   | 1843/2769 [1:09:44<34:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=40.005718] 67%|██████▋   | 1843/2769 [1:09:47<34:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.989558] 67%|██████▋   | 1844/2769 [1:09:47<34:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.989558] 67%|██████▋   | 1844/2769 [1:09:49<34:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.971223] 67%|██████▋   | 1845/2769 [1:09:49<34:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.971223] 67%|██████▋   | 1845/2769 [1:09:51<34:06,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.955078] 67%|██████▋   | 1846/2769 [1:09:51<34:02,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.955078] 67%|██████▋   | 1846/2769 [1:09:53<34:02,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.940703] 67%|██████▋   | 1847/2769 [1:09:53<34:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.940703] 67%|██████▋   | 1847/2769 [1:09:55<34:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.926031] 67%|██████▋   | 1848/2769 [1:09:55<34:04,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.926031] 67%|██████▋   | 1848/2769 [1:09:58<34:04,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.909260] 67%|██████▋   | 1849/2769 [1:09:58<34:01,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.909260] 67%|██████▋   | 1849/2769 [1:10:00<34:01,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.893128] 67%|██████▋   | 1850/2769 [1:10:00<33:58,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.893128] 67%|██████▋   | 1850/2769 [1:10:02<33:58,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.875857] 67%|██████▋   | 1851/2769 [1:10:02<33:54,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.875857] 67%|██████▋   | 1851/2769 [1:10:04<33:54,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.860857] 67%|██████▋   | 1852/2769 [1:10:04<33:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.860857] 67%|██████▋   | 1852/2769 [1:10:07<33:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.842896] 67%|██████▋   | 1853/2769 [1:10:07<33:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.842896] 67%|██████▋   | 1853/2769 [1:10:09<33:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.827435] 67%|██████▋   | 1854/2769 [1:10:09<33:51,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.827435] 67%|██████▋   | 1854/2769 [1:10:11<33:51,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.809338] 67%|██████▋   | 1855/2769 [1:10:11<33:47,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.809338] 67%|██████▋   | 1855/2769 [1:10:13<33:47,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.796767] 67%|██████▋   | 1856/2769 [1:10:13<33:44,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.796767] 67%|██████▋   | 1856/2769 [1:10:15<33:44,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.780073] 67%|██████▋   | 1857/2769 [1:10:15<33:40,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.780073] 67%|██████▋   | 1857/2769 [1:10:18<33:40,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.763797] 67%|██████▋   | 1858/2769 [1:10:18<33:37,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.763797] 67%|██████▋   | 1858/2769 [1:10:20<33:37,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.747990] 67%|██████▋   | 1859/2769 [1:10:20<33:34,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.747990] 67%|██████▋   | 1859/2769 [1:10:22<33:34,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.731758] 67%|██████▋   | 1860/2769 [1:10:22<33:32,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.731758] 67%|██████▋   | 1860/2769 [1:10:24<33:32,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.716870] 67%|██████▋   | 1861/2769 [1:10:24<33:30,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.716870] 67%|██████▋   | 1861/2769 [1:10:26<33:30,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.703262] 67%|██████▋   | 1862/2769 [1:10:26<33:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.703262] 67%|██████▋   | 1862/2769 [1:10:29<33:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.687132] 67%|██████▋   | 1863/2769 [1:10:29<33:31,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.687132] 67%|██████▋   | 1863/2769 [1:10:31<33:31,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.672216] 67%|██████▋   | 1864/2769 [1:10:31<33:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.672216] 67%|██████▋   | 1864/2769 [1:10:33<33:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.658875] 67%|██████▋   | 1865/2769 [1:10:33<33:27,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.658875] 67%|██████▋   | 1865/2769 [1:10:35<33:27,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.643537] 67%|██████▋   | 1866/2769 [1:10:35<33:29,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.643537] 67%|██████▋   | 1866/2769 [1:10:38<33:29,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.628150] 67%|██████▋   | 1867/2769 [1:10:38<33:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.628150] 67%|██████▋   | 1867/2769 [1:10:40<33:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.612722] 67%|██████▋   | 1868/2769 [1:10:40<33:23,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.612722] 67%|██████▋   | 1868/2769 [1:10:42<33:23,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.595290] 67%|██████▋   | 1869/2769 [1:10:42<33:22,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.595290] 67%|██████▋   | 1869/2769 [1:10:44<33:22,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.577519] 68%|██████▊   | 1870/2769 [1:10:44<33:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.577519] 68%|██████▊   | 1870/2769 [1:10:46<33:17,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.560944] 68%|██████▊   | 1871/2769 [1:10:46<33:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.560944] 68%|██████▊   | 1871/2769 [1:10:49<33:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.546390] 68%|██████▊   | 1872/2769 [1:10:49<33:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.546390] 68%|██████▊   | 1872/2769 [1:10:51<33:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.530390] 68%|██████▊   | 1873/2769 [1:10:51<33:06,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.530390] 68%|██████▊   | 1873/2769 [1:10:53<33:06,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.514663] 68%|██████▊   | 1874/2769 [1:10:53<33:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.514663] 68%|██████▊   | 1874/2769 [1:10:55<33:01,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.499514] 68%|██████▊   | 1875/2769 [1:10:55<33:03,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.499514] 68%|██████▊   | 1875/2769 [1:10:58<33:03,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.483809] 68%|██████▊   | 1876/2769 [1:10:58<33:01,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.483809] 68%|██████▊   | 1876/2769 [1:11:00<33:01,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.466583] 68%|██████▊   | 1877/2769 [1:11:00<32:57,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.466583] 68%|██████▊   | 1877/2769 [1:11:02<32:57,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.451450] 68%|██████▊   | 1878/2769 [1:11:02<32:57,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.451450] 68%|██████▊   | 1878/2769 [1:11:04<32:57,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.435916] 68%|██████▊   | 1879/2769 [1:11:04<32:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.435916] 68%|██████▊   | 1879/2769 [1:11:06<32:55,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.420988] 68%|██████▊   | 1880/2769 [1:11:06<32:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.420988] 68%|██████▊   | 1880/2769 [1:11:09<32:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.407710] 68%|██████▊   | 1881/2769 [1:11:09<32:50,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.407710] 68%|██████▊   | 1881/2769 [1:11:11<32:50,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.390831] 68%|██████▊   | 1882/2769 [1:11:11<32:49,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.390831] 68%|██████▊   | 1882/2769 [1:11:13<32:49,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.375706] 68%|██████▊   | 1883/2769 [1:11:13<32:44,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.375706] 68%|██████▊   | 1883/2769 [1:11:15<32:44,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.359818] 68%|██████▊   | 1884/2769 [1:11:15<32:41,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.359818] 68%|██████▊   | 1884/2769 [1:11:18<32:41,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.345125] 68%|██████▊   | 1885/2769 [1:11:18<32:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.345125] 68%|██████▊   | 1885/2769 [1:11:20<32:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.330891] 68%|██████▊   | 1886/2769 [1:11:20<32:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.330891] 68%|██████▊   | 1886/2769 [1:11:22<32:38,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.316228] 68%|██████▊   | 1887/2769 [1:11:22<32:34,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.316228] 68%|██████▊   | 1887/2769 [1:11:24<32:34,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.302468] 68%|██████▊   | 1888/2769 [1:11:24<32:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.302468] 68%|██████▊   | 1888/2769 [1:11:26<32:32,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.290151] 68%|██████▊   | 1889/2769 [1:11:26<32:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.290151] 68%|██████▊   | 1889/2769 [1:11:29<32:30,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.274448] 68%|██████▊   | 1890/2769 [1:11:29<32:26,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.274448] 68%|██████▊   | 1890/2769 [1:11:31<32:26,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.258990] 68%|██████▊   | 1891/2769 [1:11:31<32:26,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.258990] 68%|██████▊   | 1891/2769 [1:11:33<32:26,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.246318] 68%|██████▊   | 1892/2769 [1:11:33<32:24,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.246318] 68%|██████▊   | 1892/2769 [1:11:35<32:24,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.235498] 68%|██████▊   | 1893/2769 [1:11:35<32:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.235498] 68%|██████▊   | 1893/2769 [1:11:38<32:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.220470] 68%|██████▊   | 1894/2769 [1:11:38<32:27,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.220470] 68%|██████▊   | 1894/2769 [1:11:40<32:27,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.206454] 68%|██████▊   | 1895/2769 [1:11:40<32:25,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.206454] 68%|██████▊   | 1895/2769 [1:11:42<32:25,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.191696] 68%|██████▊   | 1896/2769 [1:11:42<32:20,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.191696] 68%|██████▊   | 1896/2769 [1:11:44<32:20,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.178676] 69%|██████▊   | 1897/2769 [1:11:44<32:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.178676] 69%|██████▊   | 1897/2769 [1:11:46<32:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.162105] 69%|██████▊   | 1898/2769 [1:11:46<32:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.162105] 69%|██████▊   | 1898/2769 [1:11:49<32:14,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.146606] 69%|██████▊   | 1899/2769 [1:11:49<32:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.146606] 69%|██████▊   | 1899/2769 [1:11:51<32:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.133073] 69%|██████▊   | 1900/2769 [1:11:51<32:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.133073] 69%|██████▊   | 1900/2769 [1:11:53<32:10,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.119148] 69%|██████▊   | 1901/2769 [1:11:53<32:07,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.119148] 69%|██████▊   | 1901/2769 [1:11:55<32:07,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.108418] 69%|██████▊   | 1902/2769 [1:11:55<32:17,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.108418] 69%|██████▊   | 1902/2769 [1:11:58<32:17,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.091878] 69%|██████▊   | 1903/2769 [1:11:58<32:11,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.091878] 69%|██████▊   | 1903/2769 [1:12:00<32:11,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.074900] 69%|██████▉   | 1904/2769 [1:12:00<32:07,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.074900] 69%|██████▉   | 1904/2769 [1:12:02<32:07,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.061507] 69%|██████▉   | 1905/2769 [1:12:02<32:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.061507] 69%|██████▉   | 1905/2769 [1:12:04<32:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.048759] 69%|██████▉   | 1906/2769 [1:12:04<32:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.048759] 69%|██████▉   | 1906/2769 [1:12:06<32:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.033093] 69%|██████▉   | 1907/2769 [1:12:06<32:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.033093] 69%|██████▉   | 1907/2769 [1:12:09<32:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.016828] 69%|██████▉   | 1908/2769 [1:12:09<32:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=39.016828] 69%|██████▉   | 1908/2769 [1:12:11<32:01,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.999641] 69%|██████▉   | 1909/2769 [1:12:11<32:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.999641] 69%|██████▉   | 1909/2769 [1:12:13<32:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.983807] 69%|██████▉   | 1910/2769 [1:12:13<31:57,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.983807] 69%|██████▉   | 1910/2769 [1:12:15<31:57,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.966762] 69%|██████▉   | 1911/2769 [1:12:15<31:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.966762] 69%|██████▉   | 1911/2769 [1:12:18<31:54,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.950121] 69%|██████▉   | 1912/2769 [1:12:18<31:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.950121] 69%|██████▉   | 1912/2769 [1:12:20<31:49,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.934256] 69%|██████▉   | 1913/2769 [1:12:20<31:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.934256] 69%|██████▉   | 1913/2769 [1:12:22<31:48,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.920355] 69%|██████▉   | 1914/2769 [1:12:22<31:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.920355] 69%|██████▉   | 1914/2769 [1:12:24<31:43,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.905351] 69%|██████▉   | 1915/2769 [1:12:24<31:39,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.905351] 69%|██████▉   | 1915/2769 [1:12:26<31:39,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.892843] 69%|██████▉   | 1916/2769 [1:12:26<31:37,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.892843] 69%|██████▉   | 1916/2769 [1:12:29<31:37,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.877866] 69%|██████▉   | 1917/2769 [1:12:29<31:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.877866] 69%|██████▉   | 1917/2769 [1:12:31<31:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.864344] 69%|██████▉   | 1918/2769 [1:12:31<31:31,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.864344] 69%|██████▉   | 1918/2769 [1:12:33<31:31,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.848536] 69%|██████▉   | 1919/2769 [1:12:33<31:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.848536] 69%|██████▉   | 1919/2769 [1:12:35<31:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.832626] 69%|██████▉   | 1920/2769 [1:12:35<31:22,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.832626] 69%|██████▉   | 1920/2769 [1:12:38<31:22,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.816911] 69%|██████▉   | 1921/2769 [1:12:38<31:20,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.816911] 69%|██████▉   | 1921/2769 [1:12:40<31:20,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.803458] 69%|██████▉   | 1922/2769 [1:12:40<31:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.803458] 69%|██████▉   | 1922/2769 [1:12:42<31:21,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.787006] 69%|██████▉   | 1923/2769 [1:12:42<31:19,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.787006] 69%|██████▉   | 1923/2769 [1:12:44<31:19,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.772893] 69%|██████▉   | 1924/2769 [1:12:44<31:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.772893] 69%|██████▉   | 1924/2769 [1:12:46<31:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.758709] 70%|██████▉   | 1925/2769 [1:12:46<31:11,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.758709] 70%|██████▉   | 1925/2769 [1:12:49<31:11,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.744045] 70%|██████▉   | 1926/2769 [1:12:49<31:08,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.744045] 70%|██████▉   | 1926/2769 [1:12:51<31:08,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.728987] 70%|██████▉   | 1927/2769 [1:12:51<31:06,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.728987] 70%|██████▉   | 1927/2769 [1:12:53<31:06,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.713882] 70%|██████▉   | 1928/2769 [1:12:53<31:02,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.713882] 70%|██████▉   | 1928/2769 [1:12:55<31:02,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.698805] 70%|██████▉   | 1929/2769 [1:12:55<31:12,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.698805] 70%|██████▉   | 1929/2769 [1:12:58<31:12,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.684263] 70%|██████▉   | 1930/2769 [1:12:58<31:09,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.684263] 70%|██████▉   | 1930/2769 [1:13:00<31:09,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.669260] 70%|██████▉   | 1931/2769 [1:13:00<31:04,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.669260] 70%|██████▉   | 1931/2769 [1:13:02<31:04,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.653861] 70%|██████▉   | 1932/2769 [1:13:02<30:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.653861] 70%|██████▉   | 1932/2769 [1:13:04<30:59,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.638158] 70%|██████▉   | 1933/2769 [1:13:04<30:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.638158] 70%|██████▉   | 1933/2769 [1:13:06<30:53,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.621672] 70%|██████▉   | 1934/2769 [1:13:06<30:47,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.621672] 70%|██████▉   | 1934/2769 [1:13:09<30:47,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.610136] 70%|██████▉   | 1935/2769 [1:13:09<30:44,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.610136] 70%|██████▉   | 1935/2769 [1:13:11<30:44,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.595054] 70%|██████▉   | 1936/2769 [1:13:11<30:43,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.595054] 70%|██████▉   | 1936/2769 [1:13:13<30:43,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.578398] 70%|██████▉   | 1937/2769 [1:13:13<30:38,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.578398] 70%|██████▉   | 1937/2769 [1:13:15<30:38,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.563598] 70%|██████▉   | 1938/2769 [1:13:15<30:38,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.563598] 70%|██████▉   | 1938/2769 [1:13:17<30:38,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.551525] 70%|███████   | 1939/2769 [1:13:17<30:40,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.551525] 70%|███████   | 1939/2769 [1:13:20<30:40,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.538391] 70%|███████   | 1940/2769 [1:13:20<30:36,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.538391] 70%|███████   | 1940/2769 [1:13:22<30:36,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.522042] 70%|███████   | 1941/2769 [1:13:22<30:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.522042] 70%|███████   | 1941/2769 [1:13:24<30:35,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.507842] 70%|███████   | 1942/2769 [1:13:24<30:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.507842] 70%|███████   | 1942/2769 [1:13:26<30:33,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.492882] 70%|███████   | 1943/2769 [1:13:26<30:29,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.492882] 70%|███████   | 1943/2769 [1:13:29<30:29,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.479946] 70%|███████   | 1944/2769 [1:13:29<30:26,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.479946] 70%|███████   | 1944/2769 [1:13:31<30:26,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.464621] 70%|███████   | 1945/2769 [1:13:31<30:28,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.464621] 70%|███████   | 1945/2769 [1:13:33<30:28,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.451223] 70%|███████   | 1946/2769 [1:13:33<30:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.451223] 70%|███████   | 1946/2769 [1:13:35<30:25,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.439311] 70%|███████   | 1947/2769 [1:13:35<30:24,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.439311] 70%|███████   | 1947/2769 [1:13:37<30:24,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.428098] 70%|███████   | 1948/2769 [1:13:37<30:20,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.428098] 70%|███████   | 1948/2769 [1:13:40<30:20,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.413849] 70%|███████   | 1949/2769 [1:13:40<30:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.413849] 70%|███████   | 1949/2769 [1:13:42<30:18,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.398920] 70%|███████   | 1950/2769 [1:13:42<30:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.398920] 70%|███████   | 1950/2769 [1:13:44<30:16,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.385921] 70%|███████   | 1951/2769 [1:13:44<30:11,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.385921] 70%|███████   | 1951/2769 [1:13:46<30:11,  2.21s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.370725] 70%|███████   | 1952/2769 [1:13:46<30:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.370725] 70%|███████   | 1952/2769 [1:13:49<30:09,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.356242] 71%|███████   | 1953/2769 [1:13:49<30:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.356242] 71%|███████   | 1953/2769 [1:13:51<30:12,  2.22s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.341529] 71%|███████   | 1954/2769 [1:13:51<30:15,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.341529] 71%|███████   | 1954/2769 [1:13:53<30:15,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.326984] 71%|███████   | 1955/2769 [1:13:53<30:14,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.326984] 71%|███████   | 1955/2769 [1:13:55<30:14,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.312821] 71%|███████   | 1956/2769 [1:13:55<30:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.312821] 71%|███████   | 1956/2769 [1:13:58<30:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.299263] 71%|███████   | 1957/2769 [1:13:58<30:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.299263] 71%|███████   | 1957/2769 [1:14:00<30:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.284094] 71%|███████   | 1958/2769 [1:14:00<30:13,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.284094] 71%|███████   | 1958/2769 [1:14:02<30:13,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.270727] 71%|███████   | 1959/2769 [1:14:02<30:09,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.270727] 71%|███████   | 1959/2769 [1:14:04<30:09,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.256294] 71%|███████   | 1960/2769 [1:14:04<30:07,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.256294] 71%|███████   | 1960/2769 [1:14:06<30:07,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.240531] 71%|███████   | 1961/2769 [1:14:06<30:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.240531] 71%|███████   | 1961/2769 [1:14:09<30:03,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.227271] 71%|███████   | 1962/2769 [1:14:09<30:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.227271] 71%|███████   | 1962/2769 [1:14:11<30:00,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.211635] 71%|███████   | 1963/2769 [1:14:11<29:59,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.211635] 71%|███████   | 1963/2769 [1:14:13<29:59,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.196807] 71%|███████   | 1964/2769 [1:14:13<29:56,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.196807] 71%|███████   | 1964/2769 [1:14:15<29:56,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.182207] 71%|███████   | 1965/2769 [1:14:15<29:56,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.182207] 71%|███████   | 1965/2769 [1:14:18<29:56,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.169343] 71%|███████   | 1966/2769 [1:14:18<29:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.169343] 71%|███████   | 1966/2769 [1:14:20<29:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.152835] 71%|███████   | 1967/2769 [1:14:20<29:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.152835] 71%|███████   | 1967/2769 [1:14:22<29:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.140796] 71%|███████   | 1968/2769 [1:14:22<29:56,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.140796] 71%|███████   | 1968/2769 [1:14:24<29:56,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.125166] 71%|███████   | 1969/2769 [1:14:24<29:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.125166] 71%|███████   | 1969/2769 [1:14:27<29:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.110292] 71%|███████   | 1970/2769 [1:14:27<29:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.110292] 71%|███████   | 1970/2769 [1:14:29<29:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.095063] 71%|███████   | 1971/2769 [1:14:29<29:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.095063] 71%|███████   | 1971/2769 [1:14:31<29:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.079118] 71%|███████   | 1972/2769 [1:14:31<29:52,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.079118] 71%|███████   | 1972/2769 [1:14:33<29:52,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.064826] 71%|███████▏  | 1973/2769 [1:14:33<29:50,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.064826] 71%|███████▏  | 1973/2769 [1:14:36<29:50,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.051885] 71%|███████▏  | 1974/2769 [1:14:36<29:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.051885] 71%|███████▏  | 1974/2769 [1:14:38<29:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.038985] 71%|███████▏  | 1975/2769 [1:14:38<29:49,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.038985] 71%|███████▏  | 1975/2769 [1:14:40<29:49,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.026261] 71%|███████▏  | 1976/2769 [1:14:40<29:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.026261] 71%|███████▏  | 1976/2769 [1:14:42<29:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.013352] 71%|███████▏  | 1977/2769 [1:14:42<29:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=38.013352] 71%|███████▏  | 1977/2769 [1:14:45<29:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.998553] 71%|███████▏  | 1978/2769 [1:14:45<29:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.998553] 71%|███████▏  | 1978/2769 [1:14:47<29:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.984729] 71%|███████▏  | 1979/2769 [1:14:47<29:34,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.984729] 71%|███████▏  | 1979/2769 [1:14:49<29:34,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.972894] 72%|███████▏  | 1980/2769 [1:14:49<29:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.972894] 72%|███████▏  | 1980/2769 [1:14:51<29:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.960250] 72%|███████▏  | 1981/2769 [1:14:51<29:25,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.960250] 72%|███████▏  | 1981/2769 [1:14:54<29:25,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.945263] 72%|███████▏  | 1982/2769 [1:14:54<29:22,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.945263] 72%|███████▏  | 1982/2769 [1:14:56<29:22,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.931390] 72%|███████▏  | 1983/2769 [1:14:56<29:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.931390] 72%|███████▏  | 1983/2769 [1:14:58<29:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.915732] 72%|███████▏  | 1984/2769 [1:14:58<29:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.915732] 72%|███████▏  | 1984/2769 [1:15:00<29:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.902065] 72%|███████▏  | 1985/2769 [1:15:00<29:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.902065] 72%|███████▏  | 1985/2769 [1:15:03<29:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.886826] 72%|███████▏  | 1986/2769 [1:15:03<29:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.886826] 72%|███████▏  | 1986/2769 [1:15:05<29:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.873067] 72%|███████▏  | 1987/2769 [1:15:05<29:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.873067] 72%|███████▏  | 1987/2769 [1:15:07<29:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.857811] 72%|███████▏  | 1988/2769 [1:15:07<29:09,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.857811] 72%|███████▏  | 1988/2769 [1:15:09<29:09,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.843720] 72%|███████▏  | 1989/2769 [1:15:09<29:06,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.843720] 72%|███████▏  | 1989/2769 [1:15:12<29:06,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.832946] 72%|███████▏  | 1990/2769 [1:15:12<29:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.832946] 72%|███████▏  | 1990/2769 [1:15:14<29:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.819723] 72%|███████▏  | 1991/2769 [1:15:14<29:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.819723] 72%|███████▏  | 1991/2769 [1:15:16<29:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.804430] 72%|███████▏  | 1992/2769 [1:15:16<28:56,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.804430] 72%|███████▏  | 1992/2769 [1:15:18<28:56,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.790864] 72%|███████▏  | 1993/2769 [1:15:18<28:51,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.790864] 72%|███████▏  | 1993/2769 [1:15:20<28:51,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.777459] 72%|███████▏  | 1994/2769 [1:15:20<28:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.777459] 72%|███████▏  | 1994/2769 [1:15:23<28:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.763849] 72%|███████▏  | 1995/2769 [1:15:23<28:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.763849] 72%|███████▏  | 1995/2769 [1:15:25<28:53,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.750039] 72%|███████▏  | 1996/2769 [1:15:25<28:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.750039] 72%|███████▏  | 1996/2769 [1:15:27<28:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.735223] 72%|███████▏  | 1997/2769 [1:15:27<28:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.735223] 72%|███████▏  | 1997/2769 [1:15:29<28:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.721442] 72%|███████▏  | 1998/2769 [1:15:29<28:49,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.721442] 72%|███████▏  | 1998/2769 [1:15:32<28:49,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.713282] 72%|███████▏  | 1999/2769 [1:15:32<28:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.713282] 72%|███████▏  | 1999/2769 [1:15:34<28:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.698158] 72%|███████▏  | 2000/2769 [1:15:34<28:51,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.698158] 72%|███████▏  | 2000/2769 [1:15:36<28:51,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.683247] 72%|███████▏  | 2001/2769 [1:15:36<28:49,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.683247] 72%|███████▏  | 2001/2769 [1:15:38<28:49,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.667064] 72%|███████▏  | 2002/2769 [1:15:38<28:46,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.667064] 72%|███████▏  | 2002/2769 [1:15:41<28:46,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.654881] 72%|███████▏  | 2003/2769 [1:15:41<28:46,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.654881] 72%|███████▏  | 2003/2769 [1:15:43<28:46,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.641239] 72%|███████▏  | 2004/2769 [1:15:43<28:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.641239] 72%|███████▏  | 2004/2769 [1:15:45<28:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.626763] 72%|███████▏  | 2005/2769 [1:15:45<28:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.626763] 72%|███████▏  | 2005/2769 [1:15:47<28:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.613620] 72%|███████▏  | 2006/2769 [1:15:47<28:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.613620] 72%|███████▏  | 2006/2769 [1:15:50<28:40,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.599831] 72%|███████▏  | 2007/2769 [1:15:50<28:36,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.599831] 72%|███████▏  | 2007/2769 [1:15:52<28:36,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.586636] 73%|███████▎  | 2008/2769 [1:15:52<28:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.586636] 73%|███████▎  | 2008/2769 [1:15:54<28:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.571931] 73%|███████▎  | 2009/2769 [1:15:54<28:26,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.571931] 73%|███████▎  | 2009/2769 [1:15:56<28:26,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.558561] 73%|███████▎  | 2010/2769 [1:15:56<28:24,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.558561] 73%|███████▎  | 2010/2769 [1:15:59<28:24,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.545747] 73%|███████▎  | 2011/2769 [1:15:59<28:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.545747] 73%|███████▎  | 2011/2769 [1:16:01<28:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.531724] 73%|███████▎  | 2012/2769 [1:16:01<28:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.531724] 73%|███████▎  | 2012/2769 [1:16:03<28:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.521803] 73%|███████▎  | 2013/2769 [1:16:03<28:18,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.521803] 73%|███████▎  | 2013/2769 [1:16:05<28:18,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.508901] 73%|███████▎  | 2014/2769 [1:16:05<28:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.508901] 73%|███████▎  | 2014/2769 [1:16:08<28:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.496050] 73%|███████▎  | 2015/2769 [1:16:08<28:09,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.496050] 73%|███████▎  | 2015/2769 [1:16:10<28:09,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.481825] 73%|███████▎  | 2016/2769 [1:16:10<28:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.481825] 73%|███████▎  | 2016/2769 [1:16:12<28:05,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.468657] 73%|███████▎  | 2017/2769 [1:16:12<28:04,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.468657] 73%|███████▎  | 2017/2769 [1:16:14<28:04,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.454829] 73%|███████▎  | 2018/2769 [1:16:14<28:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.454829] 73%|███████▎  | 2018/2769 [1:16:17<28:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.441153] 73%|███████▎  | 2019/2769 [1:16:17<28:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.441153] 73%|███████▎  | 2019/2769 [1:16:19<28:01,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.428217] 73%|███████▎  | 2020/2769 [1:16:19<27:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.428217] 73%|███████▎  | 2020/2769 [1:16:21<27:57,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.413466] 73%|███████▎  | 2021/2769 [1:16:21<27:55,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.413466] 73%|███████▎  | 2021/2769 [1:16:23<27:55,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.397933] 73%|███████▎  | 2022/2769 [1:16:23<27:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.397933] 73%|███████▎  | 2022/2769 [1:16:26<27:50,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.386808] 73%|███████▎  | 2023/2769 [1:16:26<27:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.386808] 73%|███████▎  | 2023/2769 [1:16:28<27:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.372900] 73%|███████▎  | 2024/2769 [1:16:28<27:49,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.372900] 73%|███████▎  | 2024/2769 [1:16:30<27:49,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.357449] 73%|███████▎  | 2025/2769 [1:16:30<27:46,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.357449] 73%|███████▎  | 2025/2769 [1:16:32<27:46,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.343731] 73%|███████▎  | 2026/2769 [1:16:32<27:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.343731] 73%|███████▎  | 2026/2769 [1:16:35<27:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.331413] 73%|███████▎  | 2027/2769 [1:16:35<27:41,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.331413] 73%|███████▎  | 2027/2769 [1:16:37<27:41,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.318272] 73%|███████▎  | 2028/2769 [1:16:37<27:40,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.318272] 73%|███████▎  | 2028/2769 [1:16:39<27:40,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.305286] 73%|███████▎  | 2029/2769 [1:16:39<27:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.305286] 73%|███████▎  | 2029/2769 [1:16:41<27:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.291898] 73%|███████▎  | 2030/2769 [1:16:41<27:41,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.291898] 73%|███████▎  | 2030/2769 [1:16:44<27:41,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.278813] 73%|███████▎  | 2031/2769 [1:16:44<27:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.278813] 73%|███████▎  | 2031/2769 [1:16:46<27:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.265760] 73%|███████▎  | 2032/2769 [1:16:46<27:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.265760] 73%|███████▎  | 2032/2769 [1:16:48<27:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.250653] 73%|███████▎  | 2033/2769 [1:16:48<27:36,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.250653] 73%|███████▎  | 2033/2769 [1:16:50<27:36,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.235591] 73%|███████▎  | 2034/2769 [1:16:50<27:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.235591] 73%|███████▎  | 2034/2769 [1:16:53<27:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.221348] 73%|███████▎  | 2035/2769 [1:16:53<27:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.221348] 73%|███████▎  | 2035/2769 [1:16:55<27:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.207804] 74%|███████▎  | 2036/2769 [1:16:55<27:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.207804] 74%|███████▎  | 2036/2769 [1:16:57<27:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.195138] 74%|███████▎  | 2037/2769 [1:16:57<27:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.195138] 74%|███████▎  | 2037/2769 [1:16:59<27:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.181663] 74%|███████▎  | 2038/2769 [1:16:59<27:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.181663] 74%|███████▎  | 2038/2769 [1:17:02<27:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.168779] 74%|███████▎  | 2039/2769 [1:17:02<27:31,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.168779] 74%|███████▎  | 2039/2769 [1:17:04<27:31,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.157320] 74%|███████▎  | 2040/2769 [1:17:04<27:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.157320] 74%|███████▎  | 2040/2769 [1:17:06<27:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.147428] 74%|███████▎  | 2041/2769 [1:17:06<27:25,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.147428] 74%|███████▎  | 2041/2769 [1:17:08<27:25,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.134384] 74%|███████▎  | 2042/2769 [1:17:08<27:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.134384] 74%|███████▎  | 2042/2769 [1:17:11<27:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.121293] 74%|███████▍  | 2043/2769 [1:17:11<27:21,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.121293] 74%|███████▍  | 2043/2769 [1:17:13<27:21,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.107947] 74%|███████▍  | 2044/2769 [1:17:13<27:17,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.107947] 74%|███████▍  | 2044/2769 [1:17:15<27:17,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.095322] 74%|███████▍  | 2045/2769 [1:17:15<27:14,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.095322] 74%|███████▍  | 2045/2769 [1:17:17<27:14,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.083477] 74%|███████▍  | 2046/2769 [1:17:17<27:10,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.083477] 74%|███████▍  | 2046/2769 [1:17:20<27:10,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.070189] 74%|███████▍  | 2047/2769 [1:17:20<27:06,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.070189] 74%|███████▍  | 2047/2769 [1:17:22<27:06,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.057348] 74%|███████▍  | 2048/2769 [1:17:22<27:04,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.057348] 74%|███████▍  | 2048/2769 [1:17:24<27:04,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.042732] 74%|███████▍  | 2049/2769 [1:17:24<27:02,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.042732] 74%|███████▍  | 2049/2769 [1:17:26<27:02,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.027591] 74%|███████▍  | 2050/2769 [1:17:26<26:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.027591] 74%|███████▍  | 2050/2769 [1:17:29<26:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.014604] 74%|███████▍  | 2051/2769 [1:17:29<26:56,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=37.014604] 74%|███████▍  | 2051/2769 [1:17:31<26:56,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.999650] 74%|███████▍  | 2052/2769 [1:17:31<26:50,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.999650] 74%|███████▍  | 2052/2769 [1:17:33<26:50,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.986214] 74%|███████▍  | 2053/2769 [1:17:33<26:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.986214] 74%|███████▍  | 2053/2769 [1:17:35<26:44,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.974524] 74%|███████▍  | 2054/2769 [1:17:35<26:41,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.974524] 74%|███████▍  | 2054/2769 [1:17:38<26:41,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.960559] 74%|███████▍  | 2055/2769 [1:17:38<26:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.960559] 74%|███████▍  | 2055/2769 [1:17:40<26:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.948616] 74%|███████▍  | 2056/2769 [1:17:40<26:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.948616] 74%|███████▍  | 2056/2769 [1:17:42<26:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.935165] 74%|███████▍  | 2057/2769 [1:17:42<26:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.935165] 74%|███████▍  | 2057/2769 [1:17:44<26:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.921386] 74%|███████▍  | 2058/2769 [1:17:44<26:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.921386] 74%|███████▍  | 2058/2769 [1:17:47<26:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.909771] 74%|███████▍  | 2059/2769 [1:17:47<26:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.909771] 74%|███████▍  | 2059/2769 [1:17:49<26:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.897937] 74%|███████▍  | 2060/2769 [1:17:49<26:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.897937] 74%|███████▍  | 2060/2769 [1:17:51<26:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.885811] 74%|███████▍  | 2061/2769 [1:17:51<26:34,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.885811] 74%|███████▍  | 2061/2769 [1:17:53<26:34,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.872176] 74%|███████▍  | 2062/2769 [1:17:53<26:33,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.872176] 74%|███████▍  | 2062/2769 [1:17:56<26:33,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.860082] 75%|███████▍  | 2063/2769 [1:17:56<26:33,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.860082] 75%|███████▍  | 2063/2769 [1:17:58<26:33,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.848022] 75%|███████▍  | 2064/2769 [1:17:58<26:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.848022] 75%|███████▍  | 2064/2769 [1:18:00<26:28,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.836093] 75%|███████▍  | 2065/2769 [1:18:00<26:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.836093] 75%|███████▍  | 2065/2769 [1:18:02<26:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.821593] 75%|███████▍  | 2066/2769 [1:18:02<26:28,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.821593] 75%|███████▍  | 2066/2769 [1:18:05<26:28,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.809154] 75%|███████▍  | 2067/2769 [1:18:05<26:24,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.809154] 75%|███████▍  | 2067/2769 [1:18:07<26:24,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.796246] 75%|███████▍  | 2068/2769 [1:18:07<26:19,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.796246] 75%|███████▍  | 2068/2769 [1:18:09<26:19,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.784460] 75%|███████▍  | 2069/2769 [1:18:09<26:12,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.784460] 75%|███████▍  | 2069/2769 [1:18:11<26:12,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.774199] 75%|███████▍  | 2070/2769 [1:18:11<26:13,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.774199] 75%|███████▍  | 2070/2769 [1:18:14<26:13,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.763203] 75%|███████▍  | 2071/2769 [1:18:14<26:11,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.763203] 75%|███████▍  | 2071/2769 [1:18:16<26:11,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.749937] 75%|███████▍  | 2072/2769 [1:18:16<26:08,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.749937] 75%|███████▍  | 2072/2769 [1:18:18<26:08,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.736780] 75%|███████▍  | 2073/2769 [1:18:18<26:02,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.736780] 75%|███████▍  | 2073/2769 [1:18:20<26:02,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.727091] 75%|███████▍  | 2074/2769 [1:18:20<25:58,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.727091] 75%|███████▍  | 2074/2769 [1:18:23<25:58,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.715188] 75%|███████▍  | 2075/2769 [1:18:23<25:54,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.715188] 75%|███████▍  | 2075/2769 [1:18:25<25:54,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.702999] 75%|███████▍  | 2076/2769 [1:18:25<25:54,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.702999] 75%|███████▍  | 2076/2769 [1:18:27<25:54,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.689506] 75%|███████▌  | 2077/2769 [1:18:27<25:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.689506] 75%|███████▌  | 2077/2769 [1:18:29<25:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.677239] 75%|███████▌  | 2078/2769 [1:18:29<25:47,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.677239] 75%|███████▌  | 2078/2769 [1:18:32<25:47,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.663062] 75%|███████▌  | 2079/2769 [1:18:32<25:47,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.663062] 75%|███████▌  | 2079/2769 [1:18:34<25:47,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.649741] 75%|███████▌  | 2080/2769 [1:18:34<25:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.649741] 75%|███████▌  | 2080/2769 [1:18:36<25:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.637331] 75%|███████▌  | 2081/2769 [1:18:36<25:46,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.637331] 75%|███████▌  | 2081/2769 [1:18:38<25:46,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.624298] 75%|███████▌  | 2082/2769 [1:18:38<25:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.624298] 75%|███████▌  | 2082/2769 [1:18:40<25:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.611241] 75%|███████▌  | 2083/2769 [1:18:41<25:40,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.611241] 75%|███████▌  | 2083/2769 [1:18:43<25:40,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.598212] 75%|███████▌  | 2084/2769 [1:18:43<25:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.598212] 75%|███████▌  | 2084/2769 [1:18:45<25:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.585277] 75%|███████▌  | 2085/2769 [1:18:45<25:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.585277] 75%|███████▌  | 2085/2769 [1:18:47<25:32,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.573386] 75%|███████▌  | 2086/2769 [1:18:47<25:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.573386] 75%|███████▌  | 2086/2769 [1:18:49<25:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.562753] 75%|███████▌  | 2087/2769 [1:18:49<25:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.562753] 75%|███████▌  | 2087/2769 [1:18:52<25:30,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.551515] 75%|███████▌  | 2088/2769 [1:18:52<25:31,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.551515] 75%|███████▌  | 2088/2769 [1:18:54<25:31,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.540905] 75%|███████▌  | 2089/2769 [1:18:54<25:30,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.540905] 75%|███████▌  | 2089/2769 [1:18:56<25:30,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.526854] 75%|███████▌  | 2090/2769 [1:18:56<25:30,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.526854] 75%|███████▌  | 2090/2769 [1:18:58<25:30,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.514811] 76%|███████▌  | 2091/2769 [1:18:58<25:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.514811] 76%|███████▌  | 2091/2769 [1:19:01<25:25,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.502722] 76%|███████▌  | 2092/2769 [1:19:01<25:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.502722] 76%|███████▌  | 2092/2769 [1:19:03<25:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.489103] 76%|███████▌  | 2093/2769 [1:19:03<25:24,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.489103] 76%|███████▌  | 2093/2769 [1:19:05<25:24,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.475453] 76%|███████▌  | 2094/2769 [1:19:05<25:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.475453] 76%|███████▌  | 2094/2769 [1:19:08<25:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.461086] 76%|███████▌  | 2095/2769 [1:19:08<25:17,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.461086] 76%|███████▌  | 2095/2769 [1:19:10<25:17,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.448868] 76%|███████▌  | 2096/2769 [1:19:10<25:15,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.448868] 76%|███████▌  | 2096/2769 [1:19:12<25:15,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.434303] 76%|███████▌  | 2097/2769 [1:19:12<25:13,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.434303] 76%|███████▌  | 2097/2769 [1:19:14<25:13,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.421412] 76%|███████▌  | 2098/2769 [1:19:14<25:09,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.421412] 76%|███████▌  | 2098/2769 [1:19:17<25:09,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.409437] 76%|███████▌  | 2099/2769 [1:19:17<25:08,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.409437] 76%|███████▌  | 2099/2769 [1:19:19<25:08,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.398477] 76%|███████▌  | 2100/2769 [1:19:19<25:06,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.398477] 76%|███████▌  | 2100/2769 [1:19:21<25:06,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.387657] 76%|███████▌  | 2101/2769 [1:19:21<25:05,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.387657] 76%|███████▌  | 2101/2769 [1:19:23<25:05,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.374180] 76%|███████▌  | 2102/2769 [1:19:23<25:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.374180] 76%|███████▌  | 2102/2769 [1:19:26<25:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.364426] 76%|███████▌  | 2103/2769 [1:19:26<25:02,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.364426] 76%|███████▌  | 2103/2769 [1:19:28<25:02,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.352566] 76%|███████▌  | 2104/2769 [1:19:28<24:59,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.352566] 76%|███████▌  | 2104/2769 [1:19:30<24:59,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.339117] 76%|███████▌  | 2105/2769 [1:19:30<24:58,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.339117] 76%|███████▌  | 2105/2769 [1:19:32<24:58,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.326130] 76%|███████▌  | 2106/2769 [1:19:32<24:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.326130] 76%|███████▌  | 2106/2769 [1:19:35<24:54,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.314910] 76%|███████▌  | 2107/2769 [1:19:35<24:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.314910] 76%|███████▌  | 2107/2769 [1:19:37<24:53,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.303331] 76%|███████▌  | 2108/2769 [1:19:37<24:50,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.303331] 76%|███████▌  | 2108/2769 [1:19:39<24:50,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.291568] 76%|███████▌  | 2109/2769 [1:19:39<24:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.291568] 76%|███████▌  | 2109/2769 [1:19:41<24:47,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.279042] 76%|███████▌  | 2110/2769 [1:19:41<24:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.279042] 76%|███████▌  | 2110/2769 [1:19:44<24:43,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.266563] 76%|███████▌  | 2111/2769 [1:19:44<24:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.266563] 76%|███████▌  | 2111/2769 [1:19:46<24:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.254698] 76%|███████▋  | 2112/2769 [1:19:46<24:38,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.254698] 76%|███████▋  | 2112/2769 [1:19:48<24:38,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.243443] 76%|███████▋  | 2113/2769 [1:19:48<24:35,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.243443] 76%|███████▋  | 2113/2769 [1:19:50<24:35,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.232017] 76%|███████▋  | 2114/2769 [1:19:50<24:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.232017] 76%|███████▋  | 2114/2769 [1:19:53<24:32,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.221076] 76%|███████▋  | 2115/2769 [1:19:53<24:30,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.221076] 76%|███████▋  | 2115/2769 [1:19:55<24:30,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.208147] 76%|███████▋  | 2116/2769 [1:19:55<24:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.208147] 76%|███████▋  | 2116/2769 [1:19:57<24:27,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.194983] 76%|███████▋  | 2117/2769 [1:19:57<24:23,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.194983] 76%|███████▋  | 2117/2769 [1:19:59<24:23,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.181648] 76%|███████▋  | 2118/2769 [1:19:59<24:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.181648] 76%|███████▋  | 2118/2769 [1:20:01<24:17,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.169337] 77%|███████▋  | 2119/2769 [1:20:01<24:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.169337] 77%|███████▋  | 2119/2769 [1:20:04<24:14,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.157376] 77%|███████▋  | 2120/2769 [1:20:04<24:11,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.157376] 77%|███████▋  | 2120/2769 [1:20:06<24:11,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.144037] 77%|███████▋  | 2121/2769 [1:20:06<24:10,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.144037] 77%|███████▋  | 2121/2769 [1:20:08<24:10,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.129645] 77%|███████▋  | 2122/2769 [1:20:08<24:05,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.129645] 77%|███████▋  | 2122/2769 [1:20:10<24:05,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.118890] 77%|███████▋  | 2123/2769 [1:20:10<24:02,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.118890] 77%|███████▋  | 2123/2769 [1:20:13<24:02,  2.23s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.104983] 77%|███████▋  | 2124/2769 [1:20:13<24:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.104983] 77%|███████▋  | 2124/2769 [1:20:15<24:03,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.090899] 77%|███████▋  | 2125/2769 [1:20:15<24:02,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.090899] 77%|███████▋  | 2125/2769 [1:20:17<24:02,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.077730] 77%|███████▋  | 2126/2769 [1:20:17<24:02,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.077730] 77%|███████▋  | 2126/2769 [1:20:19<24:02,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.065313] 77%|███████▋  | 2127/2769 [1:20:19<24:02,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.065313] 77%|███████▋  | 2127/2769 [1:20:22<24:02,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.053249] 77%|███████▋  | 2128/2769 [1:20:22<24:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.053249] 77%|███████▋  | 2128/2769 [1:20:24<24:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.040204] 77%|███████▋  | 2129/2769 [1:20:24<24:05,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.040204] 77%|███████▋  | 2129/2769 [1:20:26<24:05,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.031109] 77%|███████▋  | 2130/2769 [1:20:26<23:59,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.031109] 77%|███████▋  | 2130/2769 [1:20:28<23:59,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.016941] 77%|███████▋  | 2131/2769 [1:20:28<23:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.016941] 77%|███████▋  | 2131/2769 [1:20:31<23:51,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.003431] 77%|███████▋  | 2132/2769 [1:20:31<23:51,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=36.003431] 77%|███████▋  | 2132/2769 [1:20:33<23:51,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.991960] 77%|███████▋  | 2133/2769 [1:20:33<23:49,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.991960] 77%|███████▋  | 2133/2769 [1:20:35<23:49,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.980575] 77%|███████▋  | 2134/2769 [1:20:35<23:48,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.980575] 77%|███████▋  | 2134/2769 [1:20:37<23:48,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.967369] 77%|███████▋  | 2135/2769 [1:20:37<23:44,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.967369] 77%|███████▋  | 2135/2769 [1:20:40<23:44,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.954578] 77%|███████▋  | 2136/2769 [1:20:40<23:41,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.954578] 77%|███████▋  | 2136/2769 [1:20:42<23:41,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.943266] 77%|███████▋  | 2137/2769 [1:20:42<23:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.943266] 77%|███████▋  | 2137/2769 [1:20:44<23:39,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.930412] 77%|███████▋  | 2138/2769 [1:20:44<23:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.930412] 77%|███████▋  | 2138/2769 [1:20:46<23:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.918015] 77%|███████▋  | 2139/2769 [1:20:46<23:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.918015] 77%|███████▋  | 2139/2769 [1:20:49<23:31,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.906973] 77%|███████▋  | 2140/2769 [1:20:49<23:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.906973] 77%|███████▋  | 2140/2769 [1:20:51<23:28,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.896012] 77%|███████▋  | 2141/2769 [1:20:51<23:25,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.896012] 77%|███████▋  | 2141/2769 [1:20:53<23:25,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.883289] 77%|███████▋  | 2142/2769 [1:20:53<23:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.883289] 77%|███████▋  | 2142/2769 [1:20:55<23:23,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.870778] 77%|███████▋  | 2143/2769 [1:20:55<23:20,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.870778] 77%|███████▋  | 2143/2769 [1:20:58<23:20,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.859555] 77%|███████▋  | 2144/2769 [1:20:58<23:18,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.859555] 77%|███████▋  | 2144/2769 [1:21:00<23:18,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.848606] 77%|███████▋  | 2145/2769 [1:21:00<23:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.848606] 77%|███████▋  | 2145/2769 [1:21:02<23:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.836037] 78%|███████▊  | 2146/2769 [1:21:02<23:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.836037] 78%|███████▊  | 2146/2769 [1:21:04<23:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.825769] 78%|███████▊  | 2147/2769 [1:21:04<23:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.825769] 78%|███████▊  | 2147/2769 [1:21:07<23:16,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.813279] 78%|███████▊  | 2148/2769 [1:21:07<23:18,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.813279] 78%|███████▊  | 2148/2769 [1:21:09<23:18,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.802277] 78%|███████▊  | 2149/2769 [1:21:09<23:18,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.802277] 78%|███████▊  | 2149/2769 [1:21:11<23:18,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.790177] 78%|███████▊  | 2150/2769 [1:21:11<23:17,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.790177] 78%|███████▊  | 2150/2769 [1:21:13<23:17,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.777610] 78%|███████▊  | 2151/2769 [1:21:13<23:15,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.777610] 78%|███████▊  | 2151/2769 [1:21:16<23:15,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.765196] 78%|███████▊  | 2152/2769 [1:21:16<23:14,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.765196] 78%|███████▊  | 2152/2769 [1:21:18<23:14,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.753613] 78%|███████▊  | 2153/2769 [1:21:18<23:09,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.753613] 78%|███████▊  | 2153/2769 [1:21:20<23:09,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.739891] 78%|███████▊  | 2154/2769 [1:21:20<23:04,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.739891] 78%|███████▊  | 2154/2769 [1:21:22<23:04,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.727080] 78%|███████▊  | 2155/2769 [1:21:22<22:59,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.727080] 78%|███████▊  | 2155/2769 [1:21:25<22:59,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.715488] 78%|███████▊  | 2156/2769 [1:21:25<22:56,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.715488] 78%|███████▊  | 2156/2769 [1:21:27<22:56,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.704431] 78%|███████▊  | 2157/2769 [1:21:27<22:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.704431] 78%|███████▊  | 2157/2769 [1:21:29<22:52,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.691674] 78%|███████▊  | 2158/2769 [1:21:29<22:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.691674] 78%|███████▊  | 2158/2769 [1:21:31<22:48,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.682503] 78%|███████▊  | 2159/2769 [1:21:31<22:46,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.682503] 78%|███████▊  | 2159/2769 [1:21:34<22:46,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.669739] 78%|███████▊  | 2160/2769 [1:21:34<22:42,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.669739] 78%|███████▊  | 2160/2769 [1:21:36<22:42,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.657713] 78%|███████▊  | 2161/2769 [1:21:36<22:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.657713] 78%|███████▊  | 2161/2769 [1:21:38<22:39,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.646433] 78%|███████▊  | 2162/2769 [1:21:38<22:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.646433] 78%|███████▊  | 2162/2769 [1:21:40<22:37,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.632998] 78%|███████▊  | 2163/2769 [1:21:40<22:36,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.632998] 78%|███████▊  | 2163/2769 [1:21:42<22:36,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.621278] 78%|███████▊  | 2164/2769 [1:21:42<22:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.621278] 78%|███████▊  | 2164/2769 [1:21:45<22:34,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.610143] 78%|███████▊  | 2165/2769 [1:21:45<22:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.610143] 78%|███████▊  | 2165/2769 [1:21:47<22:35,  2.24s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.599993] 78%|███████▊  | 2166/2769 [1:21:47<22:35,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.599993] 78%|███████▊  | 2166/2769 [1:21:49<22:35,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.591281] 78%|███████▊  | 2167/2769 [1:21:49<22:35,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.591281] 78%|███████▊  | 2167/2769 [1:21:52<22:35,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.580338] 78%|███████▊  | 2168/2769 [1:21:52<22:36,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.580338] 78%|███████▊  | 2168/2769 [1:21:54<22:36,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.567730] 78%|███████▊  | 2169/2769 [1:21:54<22:34,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.567730] 78%|███████▊  | 2169/2769 [1:21:56<22:34,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.555389] 78%|███████▊  | 2170/2769 [1:21:56<22:31,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.555389] 78%|███████▊  | 2170/2769 [1:21:58<22:31,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.544029] 78%|███████▊  | 2171/2769 [1:21:58<22:29,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.544029] 78%|███████▊  | 2171/2769 [1:22:01<22:29,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.532725] 78%|███████▊  | 2172/2769 [1:22:01<22:31,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.532725] 78%|███████▊  | 2172/2769 [1:22:03<22:31,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.521553] 78%|███████▊  | 2173/2769 [1:22:03<22:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.521553] 78%|███████▊  | 2173/2769 [1:22:05<22:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.510841] 79%|███████▊  | 2174/2769 [1:22:05<22:24,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.510841] 79%|███████▊  | 2174/2769 [1:22:07<22:24,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.497987] 79%|███████▊  | 2175/2769 [1:22:07<22:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.497987] 79%|███████▊  | 2175/2769 [1:22:10<22:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.488504] 79%|███████▊  | 2176/2769 [1:22:10<22:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.488504] 79%|███████▊  | 2176/2769 [1:22:12<22:22,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.477301] 79%|███████▊  | 2177/2769 [1:22:12<22:19,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.477301] 79%|███████▊  | 2177/2769 [1:22:14<22:19,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.463876] 79%|███████▊  | 2178/2769 [1:22:14<22:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.463876] 79%|███████▊  | 2178/2769 [1:22:16<22:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.452494] 79%|███████▊  | 2179/2769 [1:22:16<22:10,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.452494] 79%|███████▊  | 2179/2769 [1:22:19<22:10,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.440785] 79%|███████▊  | 2180/2769 [1:22:19<22:05,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.440785] 79%|███████▊  | 2180/2769 [1:22:21<22:05,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.429656] 79%|███████▉  | 2181/2769 [1:22:21<22:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.429656] 79%|███████▉  | 2181/2769 [1:22:23<22:03,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.417005] 79%|███████▉  | 2182/2769 [1:22:23<21:58,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.417005] 79%|███████▉  | 2182/2769 [1:22:25<21:58,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.404531] 79%|███████▉  | 2183/2769 [1:22:25<21:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.404531] 79%|███████▉  | 2183/2769 [1:22:28<21:57,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.393076] 79%|███████▉  | 2184/2769 [1:22:28<21:55,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.393076] 79%|███████▉  | 2184/2769 [1:22:30<21:55,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.381151] 79%|███████▉  | 2185/2769 [1:22:30<21:53,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.381151] 79%|███████▉  | 2185/2769 [1:22:32<21:53,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.369760] 79%|███████▉  | 2186/2769 [1:22:32<21:52,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.369760] 79%|███████▉  | 2186/2769 [1:22:34<21:52,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.356643] 79%|███████▉  | 2187/2769 [1:22:34<21:57,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.356643] 79%|███████▉  | 2187/2769 [1:22:37<21:57,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.344143] 79%|███████▉  | 2188/2769 [1:22:37<21:54,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.344143] 79%|███████▉  | 2188/2769 [1:22:39<21:54,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.336213] 79%|███████▉  | 2189/2769 [1:22:39<21:51,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.336213] 79%|███████▉  | 2189/2769 [1:22:41<21:51,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.325648] 79%|███████▉  | 2190/2769 [1:22:41<21:50,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.325648] 79%|███████▉  | 2190/2769 [1:22:43<21:50,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.314348] 79%|███████▉  | 2191/2769 [1:22:43<21:44,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.314348] 79%|███████▉  | 2191/2769 [1:22:46<21:44,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.301824] 79%|███████▉  | 2192/2769 [1:22:46<21:42,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.301824] 79%|███████▉  | 2192/2769 [1:22:48<21:42,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.292545] 79%|███████▉  | 2193/2769 [1:22:48<21:39,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.292545] 79%|███████▉  | 2193/2769 [1:22:50<21:39,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.282813] 79%|███████▉  | 2194/2769 [1:22:50<21:39,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.282813] 79%|███████▉  | 2194/2769 [1:22:52<21:39,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.271329] 79%|███████▉  | 2195/2769 [1:22:52<21:36,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.271329] 79%|███████▉  | 2195/2769 [1:22:55<21:36,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.261559] 79%|███████▉  | 2196/2769 [1:22:55<21:37,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.261559] 79%|███████▉  | 2196/2769 [1:22:57<21:37,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.249935] 79%|███████▉  | 2197/2769 [1:22:57<21:33,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.249935] 79%|███████▉  | 2197/2769 [1:22:59<21:33,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.238520] 79%|███████▉  | 2198/2769 [1:22:59<21:30,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.238520] 79%|███████▉  | 2198/2769 [1:23:02<21:30,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.227414] 79%|███████▉  | 2199/2769 [1:23:02<21:30,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.227414] 79%|███████▉  | 2199/2769 [1:23:04<21:30,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.216561] 79%|███████▉  | 2200/2769 [1:23:04<21:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.216561] 79%|███████▉  | 2200/2769 [1:23:06<21:27,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.205234] 79%|███████▉  | 2201/2769 [1:23:06<21:26,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.205234] 79%|███████▉  | 2201/2769 [1:23:08<21:26,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.195798] 80%|███████▉  | 2202/2769 [1:23:08<21:23,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.195798] 80%|███████▉  | 2202/2769 [1:23:11<21:23,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.182356] 80%|███████▉  | 2203/2769 [1:23:11<21:22,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.182356] 80%|███████▉  | 2203/2769 [1:23:13<21:22,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.171180] 80%|███████▉  | 2204/2769 [1:23:13<21:21,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.171180] 80%|███████▉  | 2204/2769 [1:23:15<21:21,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.158925] 80%|███████▉  | 2205/2769 [1:23:15<21:17,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.158925] 80%|███████▉  | 2205/2769 [1:23:17<21:17,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.145963] 80%|███████▉  | 2206/2769 [1:23:17<21:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.145963] 80%|███████▉  | 2206/2769 [1:23:20<21:13,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.136689] 80%|███████▉  | 2207/2769 [1:23:20<21:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.136689] 80%|███████▉  | 2207/2769 [1:23:22<21:12,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.125622] 80%|███████▉  | 2208/2769 [1:23:22<21:11,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.125622] 80%|███████▉  | 2208/2769 [1:23:24<21:11,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.113632] 80%|███████▉  | 2209/2769 [1:23:24<21:08,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.113632] 80%|███████▉  | 2209/2769 [1:23:26<21:08,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.100215] 80%|███████▉  | 2210/2769 [1:23:26<21:06,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.100215] 80%|███████▉  | 2210/2769 [1:23:29<21:06,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.088427] 80%|███████▉  | 2211/2769 [1:23:29<21:04,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.088427] 80%|███████▉  | 2211/2769 [1:23:31<21:04,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.078468] 80%|███████▉  | 2212/2769 [1:23:31<21:04,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.078468] 80%|███████▉  | 2212/2769 [1:23:33<21:04,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.067082] 80%|███████▉  | 2213/2769 [1:23:33<21:01,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.067082] 80%|███████▉  | 2213/2769 [1:23:36<21:01,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.055853] 80%|███████▉  | 2214/2769 [1:23:36<21:01,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.055853] 80%|███████▉  | 2214/2769 [1:23:38<21:01,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.045030] 80%|███████▉  | 2215/2769 [1:23:38<20:58,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.045030] 80%|███████▉  | 2215/2769 [1:23:40<20:58,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.032694] 80%|████████  | 2216/2769 [1:23:40<20:53,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.032694] 80%|████████  | 2216/2769 [1:23:42<20:53,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.020193] 80%|████████  | 2217/2769 [1:23:42<20:49,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.020193] 80%|████████  | 2217/2769 [1:23:45<20:49,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.008685] 80%|████████  | 2218/2769 [1:23:45<20:46,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=35.008685] 80%|████████  | 2218/2769 [1:23:47<20:46,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.997273] 80%|████████  | 2219/2769 [1:23:47<20:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.997273] 80%|████████  | 2219/2769 [1:23:49<20:45,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.987855] 80%|████████  | 2220/2769 [1:23:49<20:43,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.987855] 80%|████████  | 2220/2769 [1:23:51<20:43,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.979974] 80%|████████  | 2221/2769 [1:23:51<20:42,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.979974] 80%|████████  | 2221/2769 [1:23:54<20:42,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.969021] 80%|████████  | 2222/2769 [1:23:54<20:51,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.969021] 80%|████████  | 2222/2769 [1:23:56<20:51,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.957633] 80%|████████  | 2223/2769 [1:23:56<20:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.957633] 80%|████████  | 2223/2769 [1:23:58<20:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.947723] 80%|████████  | 2224/2769 [1:23:58<20:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.947723] 80%|████████  | 2224/2769 [1:24:01<20:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.934860] 80%|████████  | 2225/2769 [1:24:01<20:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.934860] 80%|████████  | 2225/2769 [1:24:03<20:43,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.925031] 80%|████████  | 2226/2769 [1:24:03<20:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.925031] 80%|████████  | 2226/2769 [1:24:05<20:39,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.914982] 80%|████████  | 2227/2769 [1:24:05<20:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.914982] 80%|████████  | 2227/2769 [1:24:07<20:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.903749] 80%|████████  | 2228/2769 [1:24:07<20:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.903749] 80%|████████  | 2228/2769 [1:24:10<20:32,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.893253] 80%|████████  | 2229/2769 [1:24:10<20:29,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.893253] 80%|████████  | 2229/2769 [1:24:12<20:29,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.881589] 81%|████████  | 2230/2769 [1:24:12<20:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.881589] 81%|████████  | 2230/2769 [1:24:14<20:27,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.870083] 81%|████████  | 2231/2769 [1:24:14<20:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.870083] 81%|████████  | 2231/2769 [1:24:17<20:24,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.857829] 81%|████████  | 2232/2769 [1:24:17<20:21,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.857829] 81%|████████  | 2232/2769 [1:24:19<20:21,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.844378] 81%|████████  | 2233/2769 [1:24:19<20:17,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.844378] 81%|████████  | 2233/2769 [1:24:21<20:17,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.834001] 81%|████████  | 2234/2769 [1:24:21<20:15,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.834001] 81%|████████  | 2234/2769 [1:24:23<20:15,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.821717] 81%|████████  | 2235/2769 [1:24:23<20:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.821717] 81%|████████  | 2235/2769 [1:24:26<20:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.809963] 81%|████████  | 2236/2769 [1:24:26<20:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.809963] 81%|████████  | 2236/2769 [1:24:28<20:12,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.797910] 81%|████████  | 2237/2769 [1:24:28<20:09,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.797910] 81%|████████  | 2237/2769 [1:24:30<20:09,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.786120] 81%|████████  | 2238/2769 [1:24:30<20:06,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.786120] 81%|████████  | 2238/2769 [1:24:32<20:06,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.775344] 81%|████████  | 2239/2769 [1:24:32<20:05,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.775344] 81%|████████  | 2239/2769 [1:24:35<20:05,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.762784] 81%|████████  | 2240/2769 [1:24:35<20:04,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.762784] 81%|████████  | 2240/2769 [1:24:37<20:04,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.751494] 81%|████████  | 2241/2769 [1:24:37<20:04,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.751494] 81%|████████  | 2241/2769 [1:24:39<20:04,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.740412] 81%|████████  | 2242/2769 [1:24:39<20:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.740412] 81%|████████  | 2242/2769 [1:24:42<20:03,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.727895] 81%|████████  | 2243/2769 [1:24:42<20:01,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.727895] 81%|████████  | 2243/2769 [1:24:44<20:01,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.716842] 81%|████████  | 2244/2769 [1:24:44<20:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.716842] 81%|████████  | 2244/2769 [1:24:46<20:00,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.704689] 81%|████████  | 2245/2769 [1:24:46<19:57,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.704689] 81%|████████  | 2245/2769 [1:24:48<19:57,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.693189] 81%|████████  | 2246/2769 [1:24:48<19:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.693189] 81%|████████  | 2246/2769 [1:24:51<19:55,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.682223] 81%|████████  | 2247/2769 [1:24:51<19:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.682223] 81%|████████  | 2247/2769 [1:24:53<19:54,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.672507] 81%|████████  | 2248/2769 [1:24:53<19:51,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.672507] 81%|████████  | 2248/2769 [1:24:55<19:51,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.660159] 81%|████████  | 2249/2769 [1:24:55<19:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.660159] 81%|████████  | 2249/2769 [1:24:58<19:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.649563] 81%|████████▏ | 2250/2769 [1:24:58<19:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.649563] 81%|████████▏ | 2250/2769 [1:25:00<19:45,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.637850] 81%|████████▏ | 2251/2769 [1:25:00<19:43,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.637850] 81%|████████▏ | 2251/2769 [1:25:02<19:43,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.626738] 81%|████████▏ | 2252/2769 [1:25:02<19:40,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.626738] 81%|████████▏ | 2252/2769 [1:25:04<19:40,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.615924] 81%|████████▏ | 2253/2769 [1:25:04<19:37,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.615924] 81%|████████▏ | 2253/2769 [1:25:07<19:37,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.605863] 81%|████████▏ | 2254/2769 [1:25:07<19:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.605863] 81%|████████▏ | 2254/2769 [1:25:09<19:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.594504] 81%|████████▏ | 2255/2769 [1:25:09<19:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.594504] 81%|████████▏ | 2255/2769 [1:25:11<19:38,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.583167] 81%|████████▏ | 2256/2769 [1:25:11<19:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.583167] 81%|████████▏ | 2256/2769 [1:25:14<19:36,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.571147] 82%|████████▏ | 2257/2769 [1:25:14<19:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.571147] 82%|████████▏ | 2257/2769 [1:25:16<19:34,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.559615] 82%|████████▏ | 2258/2769 [1:25:16<19:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.559615] 82%|████████▏ | 2258/2769 [1:25:18<19:32,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.548634] 82%|████████▏ | 2259/2769 [1:25:18<19:27,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.548634] 82%|████████▏ | 2259/2769 [1:25:20<19:27,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.537183] 82%|████████▏ | 2260/2769 [1:25:20<19:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.537183] 82%|████████▏ | 2260/2769 [1:25:23<19:23,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.525917] 82%|████████▏ | 2261/2769 [1:25:23<19:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.525917] 82%|████████▏ | 2261/2769 [1:25:25<19:21,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.512375] 82%|████████▏ | 2262/2769 [1:25:25<19:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.512375] 82%|████████▏ | 2262/2769 [1:25:27<19:18,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.500983] 82%|████████▏ | 2263/2769 [1:25:27<19:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.500983] 82%|████████▏ | 2263/2769 [1:25:30<19:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.489640] 82%|████████▏ | 2264/2769 [1:25:30<19:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.489640] 82%|████████▏ | 2264/2769 [1:25:32<19:17,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.478556] 82%|████████▏ | 2265/2769 [1:25:32<19:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.478556] 82%|████████▏ | 2265/2769 [1:25:34<19:15,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.467164] 82%|████████▏ | 2266/2769 [1:25:34<19:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.467164] 82%|████████▏ | 2266/2769 [1:25:37<19:13,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.458115] 82%|████████▏ | 2267/2769 [1:25:37<19:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.458115] 82%|████████▏ | 2267/2769 [1:25:39<19:11,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.449077] 82%|████████▏ | 2268/2769 [1:25:39<19:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.449077] 82%|████████▏ | 2268/2769 [1:25:41<19:08,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.438325] 82%|████████▏ | 2269/2769 [1:25:41<19:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.438325] 82%|████████▏ | 2269/2769 [1:25:43<19:04,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.426438] 82%|████████▏ | 2270/2769 [1:25:43<18:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.426438] 82%|████████▏ | 2270/2769 [1:25:46<18:59,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.414153] 82%|████████▏ | 2271/2769 [1:25:46<18:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.414153] 82%|████████▏ | 2271/2769 [1:25:48<18:57,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.402826] 82%|████████▏ | 2272/2769 [1:25:48<18:54,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.402826] 82%|████████▏ | 2272/2769 [1:25:50<18:54,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.391570] 82%|████████▏ | 2273/2769 [1:25:50<18:51,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.391570] 82%|████████▏ | 2273/2769 [1:25:52<18:51,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.379720] 82%|████████▏ | 2274/2769 [1:25:52<18:50,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.379720] 82%|████████▏ | 2274/2769 [1:25:55<18:50,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.367544] 82%|████████▏ | 2275/2769 [1:25:55<18:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.367544] 82%|████████▏ | 2275/2769 [1:25:57<18:48,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.355066] 82%|████████▏ | 2276/2769 [1:25:57<18:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.355066] 82%|████████▏ | 2276/2769 [1:25:59<18:47,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.343781] 82%|████████▏ | 2277/2769 [1:25:59<18:45,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.343781] 82%|████████▏ | 2277/2769 [1:26:02<18:45,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.332415] 82%|████████▏ | 2278/2769 [1:26:02<18:35,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.332415] 82%|████████▏ | 2278/2769 [1:26:04<18:35,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.323168] 82%|████████▏ | 2279/2769 [1:26:04<18:28,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.323168] 82%|████████▏ | 2279/2769 [1:26:06<18:28,  2.26s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.311502] 82%|████████▏ | 2280/2769 [1:26:06<18:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.311502] 82%|████████▏ | 2280/2769 [1:26:08<18:21,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.301124] 82%|████████▏ | 2281/2769 [1:26:08<18:16,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.301124] 82%|████████▏ | 2281/2769 [1:26:11<18:16,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.289623] 82%|████████▏ | 2282/2769 [1:26:11<18:16,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.289623] 82%|████████▏ | 2282/2769 [1:26:13<18:16,  2.25s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.277654] 82%|████████▏ | 2283/2769 [1:26:13<18:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.277654] 82%|████████▏ | 2283/2769 [1:26:15<18:23,  2.27s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.265163] 82%|████████▏ | 2284/2769 [1:26:15<18:26,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.265163] 82%|████████▏ | 2284/2769 [1:26:17<18:26,  2.28s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.256205] 83%|████████▎ | 2285/2769 [1:26:17<18:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.256205] 83%|████████▎ | 2285/2769 [1:26:20<18:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.245451] 83%|████████▎ | 2286/2769 [1:26:20<18:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.245451] 83%|████████▎ | 2286/2769 [1:26:22<18:28,  2.29s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.236212] 83%|████████▎ | 2287/2769 [1:26:22<18:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.236212] 83%|████████▎ | 2287/2769 [1:26:24<18:27,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.226145] 83%|████████▎ | 2288/2769 [1:26:24<18:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.226145] 83%|████████▎ | 2288/2769 [1:26:27<18:25,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.214424] 83%|████████▎ | 2289/2769 [1:26:27<18:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.214424] 83%|████████▎ | 2289/2769 [1:26:29<18:24,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.204284] 83%|████████▎ | 2290/2769 [1:26:29<18:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.204284] 83%|████████▎ | 2290/2769 [1:26:31<18:22,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.193047] 83%|████████▎ | 2291/2769 [1:26:31<18:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.193047] 83%|████████▎ | 2291/2769 [1:26:34<18:19,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.182213] 83%|████████▎ | 2292/2769 [1:26:34<18:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.182213] 83%|████████▎ | 2292/2769 [1:26:36<18:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.172978] 83%|████████▎ | 2293/2769 [1:26:36<18:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.172978] 83%|████████▎ | 2293/2769 [1:26:38<18:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.162313] 83%|████████▎ | 2294/2769 [1:26:38<18:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.162313] 83%|████████▎ | 2294/2769 [1:26:41<18:14,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.151984] 83%|████████▎ | 2295/2769 [1:26:41<18:14,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.151984] 83%|████████▎ | 2295/2769 [1:26:43<18:14,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.141540] 83%|████████▎ | 2296/2769 [1:26:43<18:11,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.141540] 83%|████████▎ | 2296/2769 [1:26:45<18:11,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.130322] 83%|████████▎ | 2297/2769 [1:26:45<18:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.130322] 83%|████████▎ | 2297/2769 [1:26:47<18:10,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.118987] 83%|████████▎ | 2298/2769 [1:26:47<18:07,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.118987] 83%|████████▎ | 2298/2769 [1:26:50<18:07,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.108709] 83%|████████▎ | 2299/2769 [1:26:50<18:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.108709] 83%|████████▎ | 2299/2769 [1:26:52<18:04,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.095752] 83%|████████▎ | 2300/2769 [1:26:52<18:01,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.095752] 83%|████████▎ | 2300/2769 [1:26:54<18:01,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.085264] 83%|████████▎ | 2301/2769 [1:26:54<17:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.085264] 83%|████████▎ | 2301/2769 [1:26:57<17:58,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.075506] 83%|████████▎ | 2302/2769 [1:26:57<17:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.075506] 83%|████████▎ | 2302/2769 [1:26:59<17:58,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.066191] 83%|████████▎ | 2303/2769 [1:26:59<17:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.066191] 83%|████████▎ | 2303/2769 [1:27:01<17:56,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.056182] 83%|████████▎ | 2304/2769 [1:27:01<17:52,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.056182] 83%|████████▎ | 2304/2769 [1:27:04<17:52,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.047461] 83%|████████▎ | 2305/2769 [1:27:04<17:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.047461] 83%|████████▎ | 2305/2769 [1:27:06<17:49,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.037558] 83%|████████▎ | 2306/2769 [1:27:06<17:48,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.037558] 83%|████████▎ | 2306/2769 [1:27:08<17:48,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.025594] 83%|████████▎ | 2307/2769 [1:27:08<17:45,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.025594] 83%|████████▎ | 2307/2769 [1:27:11<17:45,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.014616] 83%|████████▎ | 2308/2769 [1:27:11<17:44,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.014616] 83%|████████▎ | 2308/2769 [1:27:13<17:44,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.004165] 83%|████████▎ | 2309/2769 [1:27:13<17:41,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=34.004165] 83%|████████▎ | 2309/2769 [1:27:15<17:41,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.994395] 83%|████████▎ | 2310/2769 [1:27:15<17:41,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.994395] 83%|████████▎ | 2310/2769 [1:27:17<17:41,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.982474] 83%|████████▎ | 2311/2769 [1:27:17<17:36,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.982474] 83%|████████▎ | 2311/2769 [1:27:20<17:36,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.972697] 83%|████████▎ | 2312/2769 [1:27:20<17:34,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.972697] 83%|████████▎ | 2312/2769 [1:27:22<17:34,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.962690] 84%|████████▎ | 2313/2769 [1:27:22<17:33,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.962690] 84%|████████▎ | 2313/2769 [1:27:24<17:33,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.952365] 84%|████████▎ | 2314/2769 [1:27:24<17:30,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.952365] 84%|████████▎ | 2314/2769 [1:27:27<17:30,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.941596] 84%|████████▎ | 2315/2769 [1:27:27<17:28,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.941596] 84%|████████▎ | 2315/2769 [1:27:29<17:28,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.931685] 84%|████████▎ | 2316/2769 [1:27:29<17:26,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.931685] 84%|████████▎ | 2316/2769 [1:27:31<17:26,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.920837] 84%|████████▎ | 2317/2769 [1:27:31<17:22,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.920837] 84%|████████▎ | 2317/2769 [1:27:34<17:22,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.910391] 84%|████████▎ | 2318/2769 [1:27:34<17:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.910391] 84%|████████▎ | 2318/2769 [1:27:36<17:18,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.900324] 84%|████████▎ | 2319/2769 [1:27:36<17:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.900324] 84%|████████▎ | 2319/2769 [1:27:38<17:17,  2.31s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.889924] 84%|████████▍ | 2320/2769 [1:27:38<17:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.889924] 84%|████████▍ | 2320/2769 [1:27:41<17:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.878944] 84%|████████▍ | 2321/2769 [1:27:41<17:12,  2.30s/it, Train cur mean Loss=33.878944]